rap God.
look I was gonna go easy on you not to hurt your feelings.
just a feeling Ive got like somethings about to happen but I dont know what.
if that means what I think it means were in trouble big trouble.
and if he is as bananas as you say Im not taking any chances.
you are just what the doc ordered.

im beginnin to feel like a Rap God Rap God.
all my people from the front to the back nod back nod.
now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box slap box.
they said I rap like a robot so call me Rapbot.
but for me to rap like a computer it must be in my genes.
i got a laptop in my back pocket.
my penll go off when I halfcock it.
got a fat knot from that rap profit.
made a livin and a killin off it.
ever since Bill Clinton was still in office.
with Monica Lewinsky feelin on his nutsack.
im an MC still as honest.
but as rude and as indecent as all hell.
this flippity dippityhippity hiphop.
you dont really wanna get into a pissin match.
with this rappity brat packin a MAC in the back of the Ac.
backpack rap crap yapyap yacketyyack.
and at the exact same time I attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts while Im practicin that.
ill still be able to break a motherfuckin table.
over the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half.
only realized it was ironic I was signed to Aftermath after the fact.
how could I not blow All I do is drop Fbombs.
feel my wrath of attack.
rappers are havin a rough time period heres a maxi pad.
its actually disastrously bad for the wack.
while Im masterfully constructing this masterpièce.
cause Im beginnin to feel like a Rap God Rap God.
all my people from the front to the back nod back nod.
now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box slap box.
let me show you maintainin this shit aint that hard that hard.
everybody want the key and the secret to rap immortality like Ι have got.

well to be truthful the blueprints.
simply rage and youthful exuberance.
everybody loves to root for a nuisance.
hit the Earth like an asteroid.
mCs get taken to school with this music.
cause I use it as a vehicle to bus the rhyme.
now I lead a new school full of students.
me Im a product of Rakim.
lakim Shabazz 2Pac NWA Cube hey Doc Ren.
yella Eazy thank you they got Slim.
inspired enough to one day grow up blow up and be in a position.
to meet RunDMC and induct them.
into the motherfuckin Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
even though Ill walk in the church and burst in a ball of flames.
only Hall of Fame Ill be inducted in is the alcohol of fame.
on the wall of shame.
you fags think its all a game til I walk a flock of flames.
off a plank and tell me what in the fuck are you thinkin.
little gaylookin boy.
youre witnessin a massoccur.
like youre watching a church gathering take place lookin boy.
oy vey that boys gaythats all they say lookin boy.
you get a thumbs up pat on the back.
and a way to go from your label every day lookin boy.
hey lookin boy What you say lookin boy.
i get a hell yeah from Dre lookin boy.
ima work for everything I have never asked nobody for shit.
get outta my face lookin boy.
basically boy youre never gonna be capable.
of keepin up with the same pace lookin boy cause.
im beginnin to feel like a Rap God Rap God.
all my people from the front to the back nod back nod.
the way Im racin around the track call me NASCAR NASCAR.
dale Earnhardt of the trailer park the White Trash God.
kneel before General Zod.
this planets Kryptonno Asgard Asgard.

so youll be Thor and Ill be Odin.
you rodent Im omnipotent.
let off then Im reloadin.
immediately with these bombs Im totin.
and I should not be woken.
im the walkin dead but Im just a talkin head a zombie floatin.
but I got your mom deepthroatin.
im out my Ramen Noodle.
we have nothin in common poodle.
im a Doberman pinch yourself in the arm and pay homage pupil.
its me my honestys brutal.
but its honestly futile if I dont utilize what I do though.
for good at least once in a while.
so I wanna make sure somewhere in this chicken scratch I scribble and doodle enough rhymes.
to maybe try to help get some people through tough times.
but I gotta keep a few punchlines.
just in case cause even you unsigned.
rappers are hungry lookin at me like its lunchtime.
i know there was a time where once I.
was king of the underground.
but I still rap like Im on my Pharoahe Monch grind.
so I crunch rhymes but sometimes when you combine.
appeal with the skin color of mine.
you get too big and here they come tryin.
to censor you like that one line.
i said on Im Back from The Mathers LP 1 when I.
tried to say Ill take seven kids from Columbine.
put em all in a line add an AK47 a revolver and a 9.
see if I get away with it now that I aint as big as I was but Im.
morphin into an immortal comin through the portal.
youre stuck in a time warp from 2004 though.
and I dont know what the fuck that you rhyme for.
youre pointless as Rapunzel with fuckin cornrows.
you write normal Fuck being normal.
and I just bought a new raygun from the future.
just to come and shoot ya like when Fabolous made Ray J mad.
cause Fab said he looked like a fag at Mayweathers pad.
singin to a man while he played piano.
man oh man that was a 247 special on the cable channel.
so Ray J went straight to the radio station.
the very next day Hey Fab Ima kill you.
uh summalumma doomalumma you assumin Im a human.
what I gotta do to get it through to you Im superhuman.
innovative and Im made of rubber so that anything you say is ricochetin off of me and itll glue to you and.
im devastating more than ever demonstrating.
how to give a motherfuckin audience a feeling like its levitating.
never fading and I know the haters are forever waiting.
for the day that they can say I fell off theyll be celebrating.
cause I know the way to get em motivated.
i make elevating music you make elevator music.
oh hes too mainstream.
well thats what they do when they get jealous they confuse it.
its not hiphop its popcause I found a hella way to fuse it.
with rock shock rap with Doc.
throw on Lose Yourself and make em lose it.
i dont know how to make songs like that.
i dont know what words to use.
let me know when it occurs to you.
while Im rippin any one of these verses that versus you.
its curtains Im inadvertently hurtin you.
how many verses I gotta murder to.
prove that if you were half as nice your songs you could sacrifice virgins too.
ugh school flunky pill junkie.
but look at the accolades these skills brung me.
full of myself but still hungry.
i bully myself cause I make me do what I put my mind to.
and Im a million leagues above you.
ill when I speak in tongues but its still tongueincheek fuck you.
im drunk so Satan take the fucking wheel.
ima sleep in the front seat.
bumpin Heavy D and the Boyz still Chunky but Funky.
but in my head theres something I can feel tugging and struggling.
angels fight with devils and heres what they want from me.
theyre askin me to eliminate some of the women hate.
but if you take into consideration the bitter hatred.
i have then you may be a little patient.
and more sympathetic to the situation.
and understand the discrimination.
but fuck it lifes handin you lemons Make lemonade then.
but if I cant batter the women.
how the fuck am I supposed to bake em a cake then.
dont mistake him for Satan.
its a fatal mistake if you think I need to be overseas and take a vacation.
to trip a broad and make her fall on her face and.
dont be a retardbe a king Think not.
why be a king when you can be a.

lose Yourself.
look if you had one shot or one opportunity.
to seize everything you ever wanted in one moment.
would you capture it or just let it slip.
yo.

his palms are sweaty knees weak arms are heavy.
theres vomit on his sweater already moms spaghetti.
hes nervous but on the surface he looks calm and ready.
to drop bombs but he keeps on forgetting.
what he wrote down the whole crowd goes so loud.
he opens his mouth but the words wont come out.
hes chokin how Everybodys jokin now.
the clocks run out times up over blaow.
snap back to reality ope there goes gravity.
ope there goes Rabbit he choked hes so mad.
but he wont give up that easy no he wont have it.
he knows his whole backs to these ropes it dont matter.
hes dope he knows that but hes broke hes so stagnant.
he knows when he goes back to this mobile home thats when its.
back to the lab again yo this old rhapsody.
better go capture this moment and hope it dont pass him.

you better lose yourself in the music.
you only get one shot do not miss your chance to blow.
this opportunity comes once in a lifetime yo.
you better lose yourself in the music.
you only get one shot do not miss your chance to blow.
this opportunity comes once in a lifetime yo.
you better.
his souls escaping through this hole that is gaping.
this world is mine for the taking make me king.
as we move toward a new world order.
a normal life is boring but superstardoms.
close to postmortem it only grows harder.
homie grows hotter he blows its all over.
these hoes is all on him coasttocoast shows.
hes known as the Globetrotter lonely roads.
god only knows hes grown farther from home hes no father.
he goes home and barely knows his own daughter.
but hold your nose cause here goes the cold water.
these hoes dont want him no mo hes cold product.
they moved on to the next schmoe who flows.
he nosedove and sold nada and so the soap opera.
is told it unfolds I suppose its old partner.
but the beat goes on dadadom dadom dahdahdahdah.

you better lose yourself in the music.
you only get one shot do not miss your chance to blow.
this opportunity comes once in a lifetime yo.
you better lose yourself in the music.
you only get one shot do not miss your chance to blow.
this opportunity comes once in a lifetime yo.
you better.
no more games Ima change what you call rage.
tear this motherfuckin roof off like two dogs caged.
i was playin in the beginning the mood all changed.
ive been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage.
but I kept rhymin and stepped right in the next cypher.
best believe somebodys payin the Pied Piper.
all the pain inside amplified by the.
fact that I cant get by with my nineto.
five and I cant provide the right type of life for my family.
cause man these goddamn food stamps dont buy diapers.
and theres no movie theres no Mekhi Phifer this is my life.
and these times are so hard and its gettin even harder.
tryna feed and water my seed plus teetertotter.
caught up between bein a father and a prima donna.
babymama drama screamin on her too much for me to wanna.
stay in one spot another day of monotonys gotten me.
to the point Im like a snail Ive got.
to formulate a plot or end up in jail or shot.
success is my only motherfuckin option failures not.
mom I love you but this trailers got.
to go I cannot grow old in Salems Lot.
so here I go its my shot feet fail me not.
this may be the only opportunity that I got.

you better lose yourself in the music.
you only get one shot do not miss your chance to blow.
this opportunity comes once in a lifetime yo.
you better lose yourself in the music.
you only get one shot do not miss your chance to blow.
this opportunity comes once in a lifetime yo.
you better.
you can do anything you set your mind to.

killshot.
you sound like a bitch bitch.
shut the fuck up.
when your fans become your haters.
you done.
fuckin beards weird.
alright.
we doin this once.
you yellin at the mic your beards weird.

rihanna just hit me on a text.
last night I left hickeys on her neck.
wait you just dissed me Im perplexed.
insult me in a line compliment me on the next.
damn Im really sorry you want me to have a heart attack.
was watchin 8 Mile on my NordicTrack.
realized I forgot to call you back.
heres that autograph for your daughter I wrote it on a Starter cap.
stan Stan son.
listen man Dad isnt mad.
but how you gonna name yourself after a damn gun.
and have a manbun.
the giants woke eyes open undeniable.
supplyin smoke got the fire stoked.
say you got me in a scope but you grazed me.
i say one call to Interscope and youre Swayze.
your reply got the crowd yelling Woo.
so before you die lets see who can outpetty who.
but Im 45 and Im still outselling you.
by 29 I had three albums that had blew.
now lets talk about somethin I dont really do.
go in someones daughters mouth stealin food.
but youre a fuckin mole hill.
now Ima make a mountain out of you woo.
ho chill actin like you put the chrome barrel to my bone marrow.
gunner Bitch you aint a bow and arrow.
are you eating cereal or oatmeal.
what the fucks in the bowl milk Wheaties or Cheerios.
cause Im takin a shit in em Kelly I need reading material.
dictionary.
yo Slim your last four albums sucked.
go back to Recovery oh shoot that was three albums ago.
what do you know Oops.
know your facts before you come at me lil goof.
luxury oh you broke bitch Yeah I had enough money in 02.
to burn it in front of you ho.
younger me No you the wack me its funny but so true.
id rather be 80yearold me than 20yearold you.
til Im hitting old age.
still can fill a whole page with a 10yearolds rage.
got more fans than you in your own city lil kiddy go play.
feel like Im babysitting Lil Tay.
got the Diddy okay so you spent your whole day.
shootin a video just to fuckin dig your own grave.
got you at your own wake Im the billy goat.
you aint never made a list next to no Biggie no Jay.
next to Taylor Swift and that Iggy ho you about to really blow.
kelly theyll be putting your name.
next to Ja next to Benzinodie motherfucker.
like the last motherfucker sayin Hailie in vain.
my biggest flops are your greatest hits.
the games mine again and aint nothin changed but the locks.
so before I slay this bitch I mwah give Jade a kiss.
bein richshamed by some prick usin my name for clickbait.
in a state of bliss cause I said his goddamn name.
now I gotta cock back aim.
its your moment.
this is it as big as youre gonna get so enjoy it.
had to give you a career to destroy it.
lethal injection.
go to sleep six feet deep Ill give you a B for the effort.
but if I was threefooteleven.
youd look up to me and for the record.
you would suck a dick to fuckin be me for a second.
lick a ballsack to get on my channel.
give your life to be as solidified.
this mothafuckin shit is like Rambo when hes out of bullets.
so what good is a fuckin machine gun when its outta ammo.
had enough of this tattedup mumble rapper.
how the fuck can him and I battle.
hell have to fuck Kim in my flannel.
ill give him my sandals.
cause he knows long as Im Shady hes gon have to live in my shadow.
exhausting letting off on my offspring.
lick a gun barrel bitch get off me.
you dance around it like a sombrero we can all see.
youre fuckin salty.
cause Young Geralds ballsdeep inside of Halsey.
your red sweater your black leather.
you dress better I rap better.
that a death threat or a love letter.
little white toothpick.
thinks its over a pic I just dont like you prick.
thanks for dissing me.
now I had an excuse on the mic to write Not Alike.
but really I dont care whos in the right.
but youre losin the fight you picked.
who else want it Kellsattempt fails BuddenLs.
fuckin nails in these coffins as soft as Cottonelle.
killshot I will not fail Im with the Doc still.
but this idiots boss pops pills and tells him hes got skills.
but Kells the day you put out a hits the day Diddy admits.
that he put the hit out that got Pac killed ah.
im sick of you bein wack.
and still usin that mothafuckin AutoTune.
im sick of your mumble rap mouth.
need to get the cock up out it.
im sick of your blonde hair and earrings.
just cause you look in the mirror and think.
dont mean you are and youre not about it.
so just leave my dick in your mouth and keep my daughter out it.
you fuckinoh.
and Im just playin Diddy.
you know I love.

godzilla.
ugh youre a monster.

i can swallow a bottle of alcohol and Ill feel like Godzilla.
better hit the deck like the card dealer.
my whole squads in here walking around the party.
a cross between a zombie apocalypse and BBobby The.
brain Heenan which is probably the.
same reason I wrestle with mania.
shadys in this bitch Im possed up.
consider it to cross me a costly mistake.
if they sleepin on me the hoes better get insomnia.
aDHD Hydroxycut.
in AA with an AK melee finna set it like a playdate.
this beat is craycray Ray J HAHAHA.
laughing all the way to the bank I spray flames.
they cannot tame or placate the.

monster.
when the moon shines like Ice Road Truckers.
i look like a villain outta those blockbusters.
godzilla fire spitter monster.
blood on the dance floor and on the Louis V carpet.
fire Godzilla fire monster.
blood on the dance floor and on the Louis V carpet.
im just a product of Slick Rick and Onyx told em lick the balls.
had em just appalled did so many things that pissed em off.
its impossible to list em all.
and in the midst of all this.
im in a mental hospital with a crystal ball.
tryna see will I still be like this tomorrow.
risperdal voices whisper.
my fist is balled back up against the wall pencil drawn.
this is just the song to go ballistic on.
you just pulled a pistol on the guy with a missile launcher.
im just a Loch Ness the mythological.
quick to tell a bitch screw off like a fifth of vodka.
when you twist the top of the bottle Im a.

monster.
when the moon shines like Ice Road Truckers.
i look like a villain outta those blockbusters.
godzilla fire spitter monster.
blood on the dance floor and on the Louis V carpet.
fire Godzilla fire monster.
blood on the dance floor and on the Louis V carpet.
cause Im about to set trip vacation plans.
im on point like my index is so all you will ever get is.
how can I have all these fans and perspire.
like a liars pants Im on fire.
and I got no plans to retire and Im still the man you admire.
these chicks are spazzin out I only get more handsome and flyer.
i got em passin out like what you do when you hand someone flyers.
and what goes around comes around just like the blades on the chainsaw.
cause I caught the flack but my dollars stacked right off the bat like a baseball.
like Kid Ink bitch I got them racks with so much ease that they call me Diddy.
bitch Im a player Im too motherfuckin stingy for Cher.
wont even lend you an ear aint even pretending to care.
but I tell a bitch Ill marry her if shell bury her.
face in my genital area the original Richard Ramirez.
cristhian Rivera cause my lyrics never sit well.
so they wanna give me the chair.
like a paraplegic and its scary call it Hari Kari.
cause ery Tom and Dick and Harry carry a Merriam motherfuckin dictionary on em.
swearing up and down they can spit this shits hilarious.
its time to put these bitches in the obituary column.
we wouldnt see eye to eye with a staring problem.
trigger happy pack heat but its black ink.
evil half of the Bad Meets.
evil that means take a back seat.
take it back to Fat Beats with a maxi single.
look at my rap sheet what attracts these people.
is my Gangsta Bitch like Apache with a catchy jingle.
i stack chips you barely got a halfeaten Cheeto.
fill em with the venom and eliminate em.
other words I Minute Maid em.
i dont wanna hurt em but I did Im in a fit of rage.
im murderin again nobody will evade.
im finna kill em and dump all their fuckin bodies in the lake.
obliterating everything incinerate a renegade.
im here to make anybody who want it with the pen afraid.
but dont nobody want it but theyre gonna get it anyway.
cause Im beginnin to feel like Im mentally ill.
im Attila kill or be killed Im a killer bee the vanilla gorilla.
youre bringin the killer within me outta me.
you dont wanna be the enemy of the demon who entered me.
and be on the receivin end of me what stupidity itd be.
every bit of mes the epitome of a spitter.
when Im in the vicinity motherfucker you better duck.
or you finna be dead the minute you run into me.
a hundred percent of you is a fifth of a percent of me.
im bout to fuckin finish you bitch Im unfadable.
you wanna battle Im available Im blowin up like an inflatable.
im undebatable Im unavoidable Im unevadable.
im on the toilet bowl I got a trailer full of money and Im paid in full.
im not afraid to pull a.
man stop.
look what Im plannin.

the Monster.
im friends with the monster thats under my bed.
get along with the voices inside of my head.
youre tryin to save me stop holdin your breath.
and you think Im crazy yeah you think Im crazy.
i wanted the fame but not the cover of Newsweek.
oh well guess beggars cant be choosey.
wanted to receive attention for my music.
wanted to be left alone in public excuse me.
for wantin my cake and eat it too and wantin it both ways.
fame made me a balloon cause my ego inflated.
when I blew see but it was confusing.
cause all I wanted to dos be the Bruce Lee of loose leaf.
abused ink used it as a tool when I blew steam.
whoo Hit the lottery oohwee.
but with what I gave up to get it was bittersweet.
it was like winnin a used mink.
ironic cause I think Im gettin so huge I need a shrink.
im beginnin to lose sleep one sheep two sheep.
goin coocoo and kooky as Kool Keith.
but Im actually weirder than you think cause Im.
im friends with the monster thats under my bed.
get along with the voices inside of my head.
youre tryin to save me stop holdin your breath.
and you think Im crazy yeah you think Im crazy.
well thats nothin.
well thats nothin.

now I aint much of a poet.
but I know somebody once told me to seize the moment.
and dont squander it cause you never know when it all.
could be over tomorrow so I keep conjurin.
sometimes I wonder where these thoughts spawn from.
yeah ponderinll do you wonders.
no wonder youre losin your mind the way it wanders.
yodelodelayheehoo I think it went wanderin off down yonder.
and stumbled onto Jeff VanVonderen.
cause I need an interventionist.
to intervene between me and this monster.
and save me from myself and all this conflict.
cause the very thing that I loves killin me and I cant conquer it.
my OCDs conkin me in the head keep knockin.
nobodys home Im sleepwalkin.
im just relayin what the voice in my heads sayin.
dont shoot the messenger Im just friends with the.
im friends with the monster thats under my bed.
get along with the voices inside of my head.
youre tryin to save me stop holdin your breath.
and you think Im crazy yeah you think Im crazy.
well thats nothin.
well thats nothin.

call me crazy but I have this vision one day that.
ill walk amongst you a regular civilian.
but until then drums get killed and.
im comin straight at MCs blood gets spilled and.
ill take you back to the days that Id get on a Dre track.
give every kid who got played that pumpedup feelin.
and shit to say back to the kids who played him.
i aint here to save the fuckin children.
but if one kid out of a hundred million.
who are goin through a struggle feels it and relates thats great.
its payback Russell Wilson fallin way back.
in the draft turn nothin into somethin still can make that.
straw into gold chump I will spinRumpelstiltskin in a haystack.
maybe I need a straightjacket.
face facts I am nuts for real but Im okay with that.
its nothin Im still friends with the.
im friends with the monster thats under my bed.
get along with the voices inside of my head.
youre tryin to save me stop holdin your breath.
and you think Im crazy yeah you think Im crazy.
im friends with the monster thats under my bed.
well thats nothin.
well thats nothin.

lucky You.
woah Joyner Joyner yeah yeah yeah.
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah.

yeah I done did a lot of things in my day I admit it.
i dont take back what I say if I said it then I meant it.
all my life I want a Grammy but Ill prolly never get it.
fuck the system Im that nigga bend the law cut the rules.

yall gotta move yall gotta move yall gotta move.
hop out the coupe hop out the coupe hop out and shoot.

back on my bullshit my back to the wall.
back to these bullets its back to the job.
back on my hood shit its back to the pushin.
these packs and Im actually pumpin.
you mighta went platinum but that dont mean nothin.
im actually buzzin this time.
straight out the kitchen I told em the oven is mine.
i aint no gangster but I got some bangers.
some chains and some blades and a couple of knives.
choppers and jammies a partridge a pear tree.
you play your cards I reverse on you all.
cállate boca mejor maricón.
theyve invented a level up in the ghetto to get old.
ive been alone and I never needed nobody.
just only me and my shawty Ill tell these niggas to lie down.
keep all the money I never wanted the lifestyle.
i said aint no love for the other side.
you in the wrong cab down the wrong path.
snakes in the grass tryna slither fast.
i done said a lotta things in my day I admit it.
fucks the difference Im that cracker bend the law fuck the rules.
man I used to risk it all now I got too much to lose.
ive been eatin long enough man my stomach should be full.

i got a couple of mansions.
still I dont have any manners.
you got a couple of ghostwriters.
but to these kids it dont actually matter.
theyre askin me What the fuck happened to hiphop.
i said I dont have any answers.
cause I took an L when I dropped my last album.
and actually comin from humble beginnings.
im somewhat uncomfortable winning.
i wish I could say What a wonderful feeling.
were on the upswing like were punchin the ceiling.
but nothin is feeling like anyone has any fuckin ability.
to even stick to a subject its killin me.
the inability to pen humility.
hatata batata why dont we make a bunch of.
fuckin songs about nothin and mumble em.
fuck it Im goin for the jugular.
shit is a circus you clowns that are comin up.
dont give an ounce of a motherfuck.
aDATs where the G Raps and Kanes at.
we need 3 Stacks ASAP and bring Masta Ace back.
cause half of these rappers have brain damage.
all the lean rappin face tats syruped out like tree sap.
that would take that feedback and aim back I need that.
but I think its inevitable they know what button to press.
and if I pay it attention Im probly makin it bigger.
on the brink any minute got me thinkin of finishin.
everything with acetaminophen and reapin the benefits.
im asleep at the wheel again as I begin to thinkin about an evil intent of another beat Ima kill again.
cause even if I gotta end up eating a pill again.
even ketamine or methamphetamine with the minithin.
it better be at least seventy or threehundred milligram.
and I might as well cause Ima end up bein a villain again.
levels to this shit I got an elevator.
i sound like a broken record every time I break a record.
nobody could ever take away the legacy I made I never cater.
motherfucker now I got a right to be this way.
but I roll til the wheels fall off Im working tirelessly ayy.
its the moment yall been waitin for like California.
wishin rain to pour in that drought yall.
from the 8 Mile to the Southpaw.
still the same Marshall that outlaw.
that they say as a writer mightve fell off.
im back on that bull like the cowboys.
so yall gotta move yeah yall gotta move yeah yall gotta move.

without Me.
obie Trice real name no gimmicks.
ra record scratch.

two trailerpark girls go round the outside.
round the outside round the outside.
two trailerpark girls go round the outside.
round the outside round the outside.

guess whos back back again.
shadys back tell a friend.
guess whos back Guess whos back.
guess whos back Guess whos back.
guess whos back Guess whos back.
guess whos back.

ive created a monster.
cause nobody wants to see Marshall no more they want Shady Im chopped liver.
well if you want Shady this is what Ill give ya.
a little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor.
some vodka thatll jumpstart my heart quicker.
than a shock when I get shocked at the hospital.
by the doctor when Im not cooperating.
you waited this long now stop debating.
cause Im back Im on the rag and ovulating.
i know that you got a job Ms Cheney.
but your husbands heart problems complicating.
so the FCC wont let me be.
or let me be me so let me see.
they tried to shut me down on MTV.
but it feels so empty without me.
so come on and dip bum on your lips.
fuck that cum on your lips and some on your tits.
and get ready cause this shits about to get heavy.
now this looks like a job for me.
so everybody just follow me.
cause we need a little controversy.
cause it feels so empty without me.
i said this looks like a job for me.
so everybody just follow me.
cause we need a little controversy.
cause it feels so empty without me.

little hellions kids feeling rebellious.
embarrassed their parents still listen to Elvis.
they start feelin like prisoners helpless.
til someone comes along on a mission and yells Bitch.
a visionary vision is scary.
could start a revolution pollutin the airwaves.
a rebel so just let me revel and bask.
in the fact that I got everyone kissin my ass.
and its a disaster such a catastrophe.
for you to see so damn much of my ass you asked for me.
well Im back dananana nananananana.
fix your bent antenna tune it in and then Im gonna.
enter in and up under your skin like a splinter.
the center of attention back for the winter.
im interesting the best thing since wrestling.
infesting in your kids ears and nesting.
testing Attention please.
feel the tension soon as someone mentions me.
heres my ten cents my two cents is free.
a nuisance who sent You sent for me.
now this looks like a job for me.
so everybody just follow me.
cause we need a little controversy.
cause it feels so empty without me.
i said this looks like a job for me.
so everybody just follow me.
cause we need a little controversy.
cause it feels so empty without me.

a tisket a tasket Ill go titfortat wit.
anybody whos talkin This shit that shit.
chris Kirkpatrick you can get your ass kicked.
worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards.
and Moby You can get stomped by Obie.
you thirtysixyearold baldheaded fag blow me.
you dont know me youre too old let go.
its over nobody listens to techno.
now lets go just give me the signal.
ill be there with a whole list full of new insults.
ive been dope suspenseful with a pencil.
ever since Prince turned himself into a symbol.
but sometimes the shit just seems.
everybody only wants to discuss me.
so this must mean Im disgusting.
though Im not the first king of controversy.
i am the worst thing since Elvis Presley.
to do Black music so selfishly.
theres a concept that works.
twenty million other white rappers emerge.
but no matter how many fish in the sea.
itd be so empty without me.
now this looks like a job for me.
so everybody just follow me.
cause we need a little controversy.
cause it feels so empty without me.
i said this looks like a job for me.
so everybody just follow me.
cause we need a little controversy.
cause it feels so empty without me.
hum deidei lala.
lala lalala.
lala lalala.
lala lala.
hum deidei lala.
lala lalala.
lala lalala.
lala lala.


stan.
my teas gone cold Im wondering why I.
got out of bed at all.
the morning rain clouds up my window.
and I cant see at all.
and even if I could itd all be grey.
but your picture on my wall.
it reminds me that its not so bad its not so bad.
my teas gone cold Im wondering why I.
got out of bed at all.
the morning rain clouds up my window.
and I cant see at all.
and even if I could itd all be grey.
but your picture on my wall.
it reminds me that its not so bad its not so bad.
dear Slim I wrote you but you still aint callin.
i left my cell my pager and my home phone at the bottom.
i sent two letters back in autumn you must notve got em.
there probably was a problem at the post office or somethin.
sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot em.
but anyways fuck it whats been up man Hows your daughter.
my girlfriends pregnant too Im bout to be a father.
if I have a daughter guess what Ima call her.
ima name her Bonnie.
i read about your Uncle Ronnie too Im sorry.
i had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didnt want him.
i know you probably hear this every day but Im your biggest fan.
i even got the underground shit that you did with Skam.
i got a room full of your posters and your pictures man.
i like the shit you did with Rawkus too that shit was phat.
anyways I hope you get this man hit me back.
just to chat truly yours your biggest fan this is Stan.
my teas gone cold Im wondering why I.
got out of bed at all.
the morning rain clouds up my window.
and I cant see at all.
and even if I could itd all be grey.
but your picture on my wall.
it reminds me that its not so bad its not so bad.
dear Slim you still aint called or wrote I hope you have a chance.
i aint mad I just think its fucked up you dont answer fans.
if you didnt want to talk to me outside your concert you didnt have to.
but you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew.
thats my little brother man hes only six years old.
we waited in the blisterin cold.
for you for four hours and you just said no.
thats pretty shitty man youre like his fuckin idol.
he wants to be just like you man he likes you more than I do.
i aint that mad though I just dont like bein lied to.
remember when we met in Denver.
you said if Id write you you would write back.
see Im just like you in a way I never knew my father neither.
he used to always cheat on my mom and beat her.
i can relate to what youre sayin in your songs.
so when I have a shitty day I drift away and put em on.
cause I dont really got shit else.
so that shit helps when Im depressed.
i even got a tattoo with your name across the chest.
sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds.
its like adrenaline the pain is such a sudden rush for me.
see everything you say is real and I respect you cause you tell it.
my girlfriends jealous cause I talk about you 247.
but she dont know you like I know you Slim no one does.
she dont know what it was like for people like us growin up.
you gotta call me man Ill be the biggest fan youll ever lose.
sincerely yours StanPS We should be together too.
my teas gone cold Im wondering why I.
got out of bed at all.
the morning rain clouds up my window.
and I cant see at all.
and even if I could itd all be grey.
but your picture on my wall.
it reminds me that its not so bad its not so bad.
dear Mr ImTooGoodtoCallorWriteMyFans.
thisll be the last package I ever send your ass.
its been six months and still no wordI dont deserve it.
i know you got my last two letters I wrote the addresses on em perfect.
so this is my cassette Im sendin you I hope you hear it.
im in the car right now Im doin 90 on the freeway.
hey Slim I drank a fifth of vodka you dare me to drive.
you know the song by Phil Collins In the Air of the Night.
about that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drownin.
but didnt then Phil saw it all then at a show he found him.
thats kinda how this is you coulda rescued me from drownin.
now its too late Im on a thousand downers nowIm drowsy.
and all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call.
i hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall.
i loved you Slim we coulda been togetherthink about it.
you ruined it now I hope you cant sleep and you dream about it.
and when you dream I hope you cant sleep and you scream about it.
i hope your conscience eats at you and you cant breathe without me.
see Slimshut up bitch Im tryin to talk.
hey Slim thats my girlfriend screamin in the trunk.
but I didnt slit her throat I just tied her upsee I aint like you.
cause if she suffocates shell suffer more and then shell die too.
well gotta go Im almost at the bridge now.
oh shit I forgothow am I supposed to send this shit out.
my teas gone cold Im wondering why I.
got out of bed at all.
the morning rain clouds up my window.
and I cant see at all.
and even if I could itd all be grey.
but your picture on my wall.
it reminds me that its not so bad its not so bad.
dear Stan I meant to write you sooner but I just been busy.
you said your girlfriends pregnant now how far along is she.
look Im really flattered you would call your daughter that.
and heres an autograph for your brother I wrote it on a Starter cap.
im sorry I didnt see you at the show I mustve missed you.
dont think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you.
but whats this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists too.
i say that shit just clownin dawg come on how fucked up is you.
you got some issues Stan I think you need some counselin.
to help your ass from bouncin off the walls when you get down some.
and whats this shit about us meant to be together.
that type of shitll make me not want us to meet each other.
i really think you and your girlfriend need each other.
or maybe you just need to treat her better.
i hope you get to read this letter I just hope it reaches you in time.
before you hurt yourself I think that youll be doin just fine.
if you relax a little Im glad I inspire you but Stan.
why are you so mad Try to understand that I do want you as a fan.
i just dont want you to do some crazy shit.
i seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick.
some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge.
and had his girlfriend in the trunk and she was pregnant with his kid.
and in the car they found a tape but they didnt say who it was to.
come to think about it his name wasit was you.


the Ringer.
plane crash.
yo Im just gonna write down my first thoughts and see where this takes me cause I feel like I wanna punch the world in the fuckin face right now.
yeah.
let me explain just how to make greatness.
straight out the gate Im bout to break it down.
aint no mistakes allowed but make no mistake Im bout.
to rape the alphabet I may raise some brows.
full magazine could take Staples out.
savage but aint thinkin bout no bank account.
but bitch Im off the chain like Kala Brown.
motherfucker shut the fuck up when Im talkin lil bitch.
im sorry wait whats your talent Oh critiquin.
my talent Oh bitch I dont know who the fuck yall are.
to give a subpar bar or even have an opinion of you.
you mention me millions of views attention in news.
i mention you loselose for me winwin for you.
billions of views your ten cents are two.
skim through the music to give shit reviews.
to get clicks but bitch you just lit the fuse.
dont get misconstrued business as us.
shitlist renewed so get shit to do.
or get dissed cause I just dont get.
what the fuck half the shit is that youre listenin to.
do you have any idea how much I hate this choppy flow.
everyone copies though Probly no.
get this fuckin audio out my Audi yo adiós.
i can see why people like Lil Yachty but not me though.
not even dissin it just aint for me.
all I am simply is just an emcee.
maybe your cups full of syrup and lean.
maybe I need to stir up shit preferably.
shake the world up if it were up to me.
paul wants me to chill yall want me to ill.
i should eat a pill probably I will.
old me killed the new me watch him bleed to death.
i breathe on the mirror I dont see my breath.
possibly Im dead I must be possessed.
jam a Crest Whitestrip in the tip of my dick.
with an ice pick stick it in a vise grip.
hang it on a spike fence bang it with a pipe wrench.
while I take my ball sack and flick it like a light switch.
like Vice President Mike Pence.
back up on my shit in a sidekick as I lay it on a spike strip.
these are things that Id rather do than hear you on a mic.
since nine tenths of your rhyme is about ice and.
jesus Christ man how many times is.
you wont ever see Em icy.
but as cold as I get on the MIC.
i polarize shit so the Thames might freeze.
and your skull might split like I bashed you upside it.
turn down for what.
cause I dont know how Im gonna get your mouths to shut.
now when it doesnt matter what caliber.
i spit at Ill bet a hundred thousand bucks.
youll turn around and just be like Man how the fuck.
sourpuss gonna get mad just cause his album sucks.
but last week an exfan mailed me a copy.
of The Mathers LP to tell me to study.
i mailed the bitch back and said if I did that.
id just be like everyone else in the fucking industry.
so fingerbang chicken wang MGK Igg Azae.
lil Pump Lil Xan imitate Lil Wayne.
i should aim at everybody in the game pick a name.
im fed up with bein humble.
and rumor is Im hungry Im sure you heard rumblings.
i heard you wanna rumble like an empty stomach.
i heard your mumblin but its jumbled in mumbojumbo.
the era that Im from will pummel you thats what its comin to.
what the fuck youre gonna do when you run into it.
im gonna crumble you and Ill take a number two.
and dump on you if you aint Joyner.
if you aint Kendrick or Cole or Sean then youre a goner.
im bout to bring it to anyone in this bitch who want it.
i guess when you walk into BK you expect a Whopper.
you can order a Quarter Pounder when you go to McDonalds.
but if youre lookin to get a porterhouse you better go get Revival.
but yall are actin like I tried to serve you up a slider.
maybe the vocals shoulda been autotuned.
and you woulda bought it.
but sayin I no longer got it.
cause you missed a line and never caught it.
cause it went over your head because youre too stupid to get it.
cause youre mentally retarded but pretend to be the smartest.
with your expertise and knowledge but youll never be an artist.
and Im harder on myself than you could ever be regardless.
even when Im gone theyre gonna say I brought it.
even when I hit my forties like a fuckin alcoholic.
with a bottle full of malt liquor.
but I couldnt bottle this shit any longer.
the fact that I know that Ima hit my bottom.
if I dont pull myself from the jaws of defeat and rise to my feet.
i dont see why yall even started with me.
i get in beefs my enemies die.
i dont cease fire til at least all are deceased.
im east side never be caught slippin.
now you see why I dont sleep not even a wink I dont blink.
i dont doze off I dont even nod to the beats.
i dont even close my fuckin eyes when I sneeze.
aw man That BET cypher was weak it was garbage.
the Thing aint even orangeoh my God thats a reach.
shout to all my colorblind people.
each and everyone of yall if you call a fire engine green.
aquamarine or you think water is pink.
dawg thats a date  Looks like an olive to me.
look theres an apple  No its not its a peach.
so fingerbang Pootie Tang.
burger King Gucci Gang dookie dang.
charlamagne gonna hate anyway doesnt matter what I say.
give me Donkey of the Day.
what a way for 2018 to get underway.
but Im gonna say everything that I wanna say.
invite em in like a One A Day.
cause I feel like the beast of burden.
that line in the sand was it even worth it.
cause the way I see people turnings.
makin it seem worthless its startin to defeat the purpose.
im watchin my fan base shrink to thirds.
and I was just tryin to do the right thing but word.
has the court of public opinion reached a verdict.
or still yet to be determined.
cause Im determined to be me critiqued or worshipped.
but if I could go back Id at least reword it.
and say I empathize with the people this evil serpent.
sold the dream to that hes deserted.
but I think its workin.
these verses are makin him a wee bit nervous.
and hes too scurred to answer me with words.
cause he knows that he will lyrically get murdered.
but I know at least hes heard it.
cause Agent Orange just sent the Secret Service.
to meet in person to see if I really think of hurtin him.
or ask if Im linked to terrorists.
i said Only when it comes to ink and lyricists.
but my beef is more media journalists.
i said my beef is more meaty a journalist.
can get a mouthful of flesh.
and yes I mean eating a penis.
cause theyve been pannin my album to death.
so Ive been givin the media fingers.
dont wanna turn this to a counseling sesh.
but theyve been puttin me through the ringer.
so I aint ironin shit out with the press.
but I just took this beat to the cleanersYou might also.

the Real Slim Shady.
may I have your attention please.
may I have your attention please.
will the real Slim Shady please stand up.
i repeat.
will the real Slim Shady please stand up.
were gonna have a problem here.

yall act like you never seen a white person before.
jaws all on the floor like Pam like Tommy just burst in the door.
and started whoopin her ass worse than before.
its the return of the Oh wait no way youre kidding.
he didnt just say what I think he did did he.
and Dr Dre said.
feminist women love Eminem.
chickachickachicka Slim Shady Im sick of him.
look at him walkin around grabbin his youknowwhat.
flippin the youknowwho Yeah but hes so cute though.
yeah I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose.
but no worse than whats goin on in your parents bedrooms.
sometimes I wanna get on TV and just let loose.
but cant but its cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose.
my bum is on your lips my bum is on your lips.
and if Im lucky you might just give it a little kiss.
and thats the message that we deliver to little kids.
and expect them not to know what a womans clitoris is.
of course theyre gonna know what intercourse is.
by the time they hit fourth grade theyve got the Discovery Channel dont they.
we aint nothin but mammals.
well some of us cannibals who cut other people open like cantaloupes.
but if we can hump dead animals and antelopes.
then theres no reason that a man and another man cant elope.
but if you feel like I feel I got the antidote.
women wave your pantyhose sing the chorus and it goes.
im Slim Shady yes Im the real Shady.
all you other Slim Shadys are just imitating.
so wont the real Slim Shady please stand up.
please stand up please stand up.
cause Im Slim Shady yes Im the real Shady.
all you other Slim Shadys are just imitating.
so wont the real Slim Shady please stand up.
please stand up please stand up.

well I do so fuck him and fuck you too.
you think I give a damn about a GRAMMY.
half of you critics cant even stomach me let alone stand me.
but Slim what if you win Wouldnt it be weird.
why So you guys could just lie to get me here.
so you can sit me here next to Britney Spears.
yo shit Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs.
so I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst.
and hear em argue over who she gave head to first.
little bitch put me on blast on MTV.
yeah hes cute but I think hes married to Kim heehee.
i should download her audio on MP3.
im sick of you little girl and boy groups all you do is annoy me.
so I have been sent here to destroy you.
and theres a million of us just like me.
who cuss like me who just dont give a fuck like me.
who dress like me walk talk and act like me.
and just might be the next best thing but not quite me.
cause Im Slim Shady yes Im the real Shady.
all you other Slim Shadys are just imitating.
so wont the real Slim Shady please stand up.
please stand up please stand up.
cause Im Slim Shady yes Im the real Shady.
all you other Slim Shadys are just imitating.
so wont the real Slim Shady please stand up.
please stand up please stand up.

im like a head trip to listen to cause Im only givin you.
things you joke about with your friends inside your livin room.
the only difference is I got the balls to say it in front of yall.
and I dont gotta be false or sugarcoat it at all.
i just get on the mic and spit it.
better than ninety percent of you rappers out can.
then you wonder How can kids eat up these albums like Valiums.
its funny cause at the rate Im goin when Im thirty.
ill be the only person in the nursin home flirting.
pinchin nurses asses when Im jacking off with Jergens.
and Im jerking but this whole bag of Viagra isnt working.
and every single person is a Slim Shady lurkin.
or in the parkin lot circling screaming I dont give a fuck.
with his windows down and his system up.
so will the real Shady please stand up.
and put one of those fingers on each hand up.
and be proud to be outta your mind and outta control.
and one more time loud as you can how does it go.
im Slim Shady yes Im the real Shady.
all you other Slim Shadys are just imitating.
so wont the real Slim Shady please stand up.
please stand up please stand up.
cause Im Slim Shady yes Im the real Shady.
all you other Slim Shadys are just imitating.
so wont the real Slim Shady please stand up.
please stand up please stand up.
cause Im Slim Shady yes Im the real Shady.
all you other Slim Shadys are just imitating.
so wont the real Slim Shady please stand up.
please stand up please stand up.
cause Im Slim Shady yes Im the real Shady.
all you other Slim Shadys are just imitating.
so wont the real Slim Shady please stand up.
please stand up please stand up.

haha.
i guess theres a Slim Shady in all of us.
fuck it lets all stand.

venom.
i got a song filled with shit for the strongwilled.
when the world gives you a raw deal.
sets you off til you scream Piss off Screw you.
when it talks to you like you dont belong.
or tells you youre in the wrong field.
when somethings in your mitochondrial.
cause it latched on to you like.

knock knock let the devil in.
manevolent as Ive ever been head is spinnin.
this medicines screamin LLLLet us in.
lLLLike a salad bowl Edgar Allan Poe.
bedridden shoulda been dead a long time ago.
liquid Tylenol gelatins think my skeletons meltin.
wicked I get all high when I think Ive smelled the scent.
of elephant manurehell I meant Kahlúa.
screw it to hell with it I went through hell with accelerants.
and blew up mymymyself again.
volkswagen tailspin bucket matches my pale skin.
mayo and went from Hellmanns and being rail thin.
filetoFish Scribble Jam Rap Olympics 97 Freaknik.
how can I be down Me and Bizarre in Florida.
proofs room slept on the floor of da motel then.
dr Dre said Hell yeah.
and I got his stamp like a postcard word to MelMan.
and I know theyre gonna hate.
but I dont care I barely can wait.
to hit em with the snare and the bass.
square in the face this fuckin world better prepare to get laced.
because theyre gonna taste my.
and Im not knowin when Im.
ever gonna slow up and Im.
ready to snap any moment Im.
thinkin its time to go get em.
they aint gonna know what hit em.
and Im not knowin when Im.
ever gonna slow up and Im.
ready to snap any moment Im.
thinkin its time to go get em.
they aint gonna know what hit em.

i said knock knock let the devil in.
shotgun pppellets in the felt pen.
cocked fuck around and catch a hot one.
itits evident Im not done.
vVenomous the thoughts spun.
like a web and you just caught in em.
held against your will like a hubcap or mud flap.
beat strangler attack.
so this aint gonna feel like a love tap.
eat painkiller pills fuck up the track.
like whats her names at the wheel Danica Patrick.
threw the car into reverse at the Indy a nut crashin.
into ya the back of it just mangled steel.
my Mustang and the Jeep Wrangler grill.
with the front smashed much as my rear fender assassin.
translation I will probably kill us both.
when I end up backin into ya.
you aint gonna be able to tell what the fucks happenin to ya.
when youre bit with the.
venom adrenaline momentum.
and Im not knowin when Im.
ever gonna slow up and Im.
ready to snap any moment Im.
thinkin its time to go get em.
they aint gonna know what hit em.
and Im not knowin when Im.
ever gonna slow up and Im.
ready to snap any moment Im.
thinkin its time to go get em.
they aint gonna know what hit em.

i said knock knock let the devil in.
alien EEElliott phone home.
aint no telling when this chokehold.
on this game will end Im loco.
became a Symbiote so.
my fangs are in your throat ho.
youre snakebitten with myvenom.
with the ballpoint pen Im.
gun cocked bump stock doubleaught buckshot.
tire thumper a garrote tie a couple knots.
fired up and caught fire juggernaut.
punk rock bitch its goin down like Yung Joc.
cause the Doc put me on like sunblock.
why the fuck not you only get one shot.
ate shit til I cant taste it.
chased it with straight liquor.
then paint thinner then drank til I faint.
and awake with a headache.
and I take anything in rectangular shape.
then I wait to face the demons Im bonded to.
cause theyre chasin me but Im part of you.
so escapin me is impossible.
i latch onto you like aparasite.
and I probably ruined your parents life.
and your childhood too.
cause if Im the music that yall grew up on.
im responsible for you retarded fools.
im the super villain Dad and Mom was losin their marbles to.
you marvel that Eddie Brock is you.
and Im the suit so call me.
and Im not knowin when Im.
ever gonna slow up and Im.
ready to snap any moment Im.
thinkin its time to go get em.
they aint gonna know what hit em.
and Im not knowin when Im.
ever gonna slow up and Im.
ready to snap any moment Im.
thinkin its time to go get em.
they aint gonna know what hit em.

river.
ive been a liar been a thief.
been a lover been a cheat.
all my sins need holy water feel it washing over me.
well little one I dont want to admit to something.
if all its gonna cause is pain.
truth and my lies right now are falling like the rain.
so let the river run.

hes comin home with his neck scratched to catch flack.
sweat jackets and dress slacks mismatched.
on his breaths Jack hes a sex addict.
and she just wants to exact revenge and get back.
its a chess match shes on his back like a jetpack.
shes kept track of all his Internet chats.
and guess who just happens to be movin on to the next.
actually just shit on my last chick and she has what my ex lacks.
cause she loves danger psychopath.
and you dont fuck with no mans girl even I know that.
but shes devised some plan to stab him in the back.
knife in hand says their relationships hangin by a strand.
so shes been on the web lately.
says maybe shell be my Gwen Stacy to spite her man.
and I know shes using me to try to play him I dont care.
hi Suzanne but I shoulda said Bye Suzanne.
after the first night but tonight I am.
ive been a liar been a thief.
been a lover been a cheat.
all my sins need holy water feel it washing over me.
well little one I dont want to admit to something.
if all its gonna cause is pain.
the truth and my lies now are falling like the rain.
so let the river run.

a onenight stand turned a twonight stand.
it was come sunlight scram now we hug tight and.
he found out now she feels deserted and used.
cause he left so what He did it first to her too.
now how am I supposed to tell this girl that were through.
its hard to find the words Im aloof nervous and Sue.
dont want this to hurt but what you deserve is the truth.
dont take it personal I just cant say this in person to you.
so I revert to the studio like holeinthewall diners.
dont have to be reserved in a booth.
i just feel like the person who Im turning intos.
irreversible I preyed on you like its church at the pew.
and now that I got you I dont want you.
took advantage in my thirst to pursue.
why do I do this dirt that I do.
get on my soapbox and preach my sermon and speech.
detergent and bleach is burnin the wound.
cause now with her in the womb.
we cant bring her in this world shoulda knew.
to use protection fore I bit into your forbidden fruit.
fuck.
ive been a liar been a thief.
been a lover been a cheat.
all my sins need holy water feel it washing over me.
well little one I dont want to admit to something.
if all its gonna cause is pain.
the truth and my lies now are falling like the rain.
so let the river run.


always the bridesmaid never The bride hey.
fuck can I say If life was a highway.
and deceit was an enclave Id be swerving in five lanes.
speeds at a high rate like Im slidin on ice maybe.
thats why I may have came at you sideways.
i cant keep my lies straight.
but I made you terminate my baby.
this love triangle left us in a wreck tangled.
what else can I say It was fun for a while.
bet I really woulda loved your smile.
didnt really wanna abort but fuck it.
whats one more lie to tell our unborn child.
ive been a liar been a thief.
been a lover been a cheat.
all my sins need holy water feel it washing over me.
if all its gonna cause is pain.
the truth and my lies now are falling like the rain.
so let the river.

mockingbird.
yeah.
i know sometimes.
things may not always make sense to you right now.
but hey.
what Daddy always tell you.
straighten up little soldier.
stiffen up that upper lip.
what you cryin about.
you got me.

hailie I know you miss your Mom and I know you miss your Dad.
when Im gone but Im tryin to give you the life that I never had.
i can see youre sad even when you smile even when you laugh.
i can see it in your eyes deep inside you wanna cry.
cause youre scared I aint there Daddys wit you in your prayers.
no more cryin wipe them tears Daddys here no more nightmares.
we gon pull together through it we gon do it.
lainie Uncles crazy aint he Yeah but he loves you girl and you better know it.
were all we got in this world when it spins when it swirls.
when it whirls when it twirls two little beautiful girls.
lookin puzzled in a daze I know its confusin you.
daddys always on the move Mamas always on the news.
i try to keep you sheltered from it but somehow it seems.
the harder that I try to do that the more it backfires on me.
all the things growin up as Daddy that he had to see.
daddy dont want you to see but you see just as much as he did.
we did not plan it to be this way your mother and me.
but things have got so bad between us I dont see us ever bein.
together ever again like we used to be when we was teenagers.
but then of course everything always happens for a reason.
i guess it was never meant to be.
but its just somethin we have no control over and thats what destiny is.
but no more worries rest your head and go to sleep.
maybe one day well wake up and thisll all just be a dream.
now hush little baby dont you cry.
everythings gonna be alright.
stiffen that upper lip up little lady I told ya.
daddys here to hold ya through the night.
i know Mommys not here right now and we dont know why.
we feel how we feel inside.
it may seem a little crazy pretty baby.
but I promise Mamas gon be alright.

heh its funny.
i remember back one year when Daddy had no money.
mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up and stuck em under the tree.
and said some of em were from me cause Daddy couldnt buy em.
ill never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night crying.
cause Daddy felt like a bumsee Daddy had a job.
but his job was to keep the food on the table for you and Mom.
and at the time every house that we lived in.
either kept gettin broken into and robbed or shot up on the block.
and your Mom was savin money for you in a jar.
tryin to start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college.
almost had a thousand dollars til someone broke in and stole it.
and I know it hurt so bad it broke your Mamas heart.
and it seemed like everything was just startin to fall apart.
mom and Dad was arguin a lot.
so Mama moved back on to Chalmers in the flat onebedroom apartment.
and Dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara.
and thats when Daddy went to California with his CD.
and met Dr Dre and flew you and Mama out to see me.
but Daddy had to work you and Mama had to leave me.
then you started seein Daddy on the TV.
and Mama didnt like it.
and you and Lainie were too young to understand it.
papa was a rolling stone Mama developed a habit.
and it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it.
im just sorry you were there and had to witness it firsthand.
cause all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud.
now Im sittin in this empty house just reminiscin.
lookin at your baby pictures it just trips me out.
to see how much you both have grown its almost like youre sisters now.
wow guess you pretty much are and Daddys still here.
lainie Im talkin to you too Daddys still here.
i like the sound of that yeah its got a ring to it dont it.
shh Mamas only gone for the moment.
now hush little baby dont you cry.
everythings gonna be alright.
stiffen that upper lip up little lady I told ya.
daddys here to hold ya through the night.
i know Mommys not here right now and we dont know why.
we feel how we feel inside.
it may seem a little crazy pretty baby.
but I promise Mamas gon be alright.

and if you ask me to Daddys gonna buy you a mockingbird.
ima give you the world.
ima buy a diamond ring for you Ima sing for you.
ill do anything for you to see you smile.
and if that mockingbird dont sing and that ring dont shine.
ima break that birdies neck.
ill go back to the jeweler who sold it to ya.

not Alike.
tay Keith fuck these niggas up.
yeah.

brain dead eye drops.
daybed iPod.
trainwrecks sidewalks.
kFed iHop.

thats how much we have in common.

i dont do Jordans and Audemars.
i do explosions and Molotovs.
yall blowin smoke as if yall aint washed.
i blow the smoke from the car exhaust.
i aint gotta dance long as my Ferrari Spider move like C Breezy.
i dont gotta hire goons.
id rather try to buy the moon and breathe freely.
the sky is blue the tires new.
the Maserati white and cool like GEazy.
why these dudes tryna figure out.
im confused tryna figure out.
how to do Kapri Styles and Mya G.
everybody doin chick joints.
prolly rob these little dudes at fist point.
member everybody used to bite Nickel.
now everybody doin Bitcoin.
yall into stuff like doubledup Styrofoam cups.
im into stuff like doublin commas.
find me a brother whos solid.
to count this shit up and then bust this shit down.
when the cops hit us up we can flush this shit down.
we cannot give a fuck shit a fuckin colonic.
sellin your cock and your butt for a follow or.
possible couple of dollars you powder sniff.
now you slippin call it a power trip a product of politics.
yall went from profit and toppin the charts.
to dropped in the park in a pile of shit.
knowledge is power but powerless.
if youve got it and you do not acknowledge it.
yall music sound like Dr Seuss inspired it.
hirin strippers prostitute retirin.
we can spit it for your advance.
im fit to be king youre cut out to fit in Prince pants.
you niggas.
brain dead eye drops.
daybed iPod.
trainwrecks sidewalks.
kFed iHop.

thats how much we have in common.
we are not alike theres nada like us.
like you was gonna do somethin.
and you got juice lil youngin you buggin.
you aint never even been charged in connection with battery.
bitch you aint plugged into nothin.
and gats cock your partners better tool up.
this has not to do with muscular.
but have guns for sure you better put a.
strap on other words if youre gonna.
cause this bar is over your head.
oh you run the streets huh.
now you wanna come and fuck with me huh.
this little cocksucker he must be feelin himself.
he wants to keep up his tough demeanour.
but next time you dont gotta use Tech N9ne.
if you wanna come at me with a sub Machine Gun.
and Im talkin to you.
but you already know who the fuck you are Kelly.
i dont use sublims and sure as fuck dont sneakdiss.
but keep commenting on my daughter Hailie.
i keep on telling motherfuckers.
but just in case you forgot really and need Ja memories jarred like strawberry or pineapple apricot jelly.
i respond rarely but this time Shady bout to sound off.
like a fuckin cocked semiGlock Demigod.
let me put a fuckin silencer on this little.
nonthreatening blond fairy cornball takin shots at me.
youre not ready fool break yourself like Rock Steady Crew.
obviously Im not getting through.
we can get it poppin like Redenbach letting off like Remy Ma.
heavy artillery Godzilla harsh with a hard shell.
with a motherfucking heart bigger than Bizarres belly.
only time youll ever say I lost.
youll be talkin bout Fetty Wap better call Diddy.
just to try to get me off of ya.
better hope I dont call Trick Trick.
bitch this shit dont fly in our city.
punk you dont disrespect OGs RIP Prodigy.
sold Dre my soul and then told him the moment he signed me.
that Id be the most hated though made it.
so that theres no shame its okay to own it.
cause life is a bitch shes a bowlegged ho.
but now those days are over.
i Harvey Weinstein a bathrobe hanging open.
my code name is groper I role play with lotion.
i fucked on the world then I throw away the Trojan.
old lederhosen with homemade explosives.
ill blow eighty holes in you.
dont make me go in I O J the flows.
and Im insult to injury Rolaids to Goldman.
im throat spray and Motrin I throated Nicole.
as they both there to choke and my whole blade is soakin.
a doubleedge sword it cuts both ways I poke and.
i stick and I turn in a rotating motion.
invisible with the pen Im at the pinnacle to sick individuals.
stick my dick and put the tip in at minimal.
im fuckin these syllables I let em lick on my genitals.
im a fucking invincible indefensible despicable difficult prick.
a little bit unpredictable I spit the formidable.
that you bitches fuckin with the original.
the only thing we have in commons Im a dick and you suck.
otherwise one has nothin to do with the other.
none come close to skunk bug soldier.
tongue shrub shoulder one month older.
sponge mug folder nun rug holster.
lug nut coaster lung jug roaster.
thats how much we have in common.
we are not alike theres nada like us.

berzerk.
now this shits about to kick off this party looks wack.
lets take it back to straight hiphop and start it from scratch.
im bout to bloody this track up everybody get back.
thats why my pen needs a pad cause my rhymes on the rag.
just like I did with addiction Im bout to kick it.
like a magician critics I turn to crickets.
got em still on the fence whether to picket.
but quick to get it impaled when I tell em Stick it.
so sick Im looking palewait thats my pigment.
bout to go ham ya bish shout out to Kendrick.
lets bring it back to that vintage Slim bitch.
the art of MCing mixed with da Vinci and MC Ren.
and I dont mean Stimpys friend bitch.
been Public Enemy since you thought PE was gym bitch.

kick your shoes off let your hair down.
grow your beard out just weird out.

were gonna rock this house until we knock it down.
so turn the volume loud.
cause its mayhem til the AM.
so baby make just like KFed.
and let yourself go let yourself go.
say Fuck it before we kick the bucket.
lifes too short to not go for broke.
grab your vial yeah.
guess its just the way that Im dressed aint it.
khakis pressed Nike shoes crispy and fresh laced.
so I guess it aint that aftershave.
or cologne that made em just faint.
plus I showed up with a coat fresher than wet paint.
so if love is a chess game check mate.
but girl your bodys bangin jump me in dang bangbang.
yes siree Bob I was thinking the same thang.
so come get on this Kids rock baw with da baw dangdang.
powppppow chica pow chica wowwow.
got your gal blowin up a valve vvvalvevalve.
aint slowin it down throw in the towel tttoweltowel.
dumb it down I dont know how huhhuh howhow.
at least I know that I dont know.
question is are you bozos smart enough to feel stupid.
hope so now ho.

kick your shoes off let your hair down.
grow your beard out just weird out.

were gonna rock this house until we knock it down.
so turn the volume loud.
cause its mayhem til the AM.
so crank the bass up like crazy.
and let yourself go let yourself go.
say Fuck it before we kick the bucket.
lifes too short to not go for broke.
get your vinyls.

and they say that love is powerful as cough syrup in styrofoam.
all I know is I fell asleep and woke up in that Monte Carlo.
with the ugly Kardashian Lamar oh.
sorry yowe done both set the bar low.
far as hard drugs are though thats the past.
but I done did enough codeine to knock Future into tomorrow.
and girl I aint got no money to borrow.
but I am tryin to find a way to get you alone car note.
oh Marshall Mathers.
shithead with a potty mouth get the bar of soap lathered.
kangols and Carheartless Cargos.
girl youre fixin to get your heart broke.
dont be absurd maam you birdbrain baby.
but dont get discouraged girl.
this is your jam unless you got toe jam.

kick your shoes off let your hair down.
grow your beard out just weird out.
were gonna rock this house until we knock it down.
so turn the volume loud.
cause its mayhem til the AM.
so baby make just like KFed.
and let yourself go let yourself go.
say Fuck it before we kick the bucket.
lifes too short to not go for broke.
grab your vial yeah.

were gonna rock this house until we knock it down.
so turn the volume loud.
cause its mayhem til the AM.
so crank the bass up like crazy.
and let yourself go let yourself go.
say Fuck it before we kick the bucket.
lifes too short to not go for broke.
get your.

till I Collapse.
cause sometimes you just feel tired.
yo left yo left.
feel weak and when you feel weak.
yo left right left.
you feel like you wanna just give up.
yo left yo left.
but you gotta search within you.
yo left right left.
try to find that inner strength and just pull that shit out of you.
yo left yo left.
and get that motivation to not give up.
yo left right left.
and not be a quitter no matter how bad.
yo left yo left.
you wanna just fall flat on your face and collapse.
yo left right left.

til I collapse Im spillin these raps long as you feel em.
til the day that I drop youll never say that Im not killin em.
cause when I am not then Ima stop pennin em.
and I am not hiphop and Im just not Eminem.
subliminal thoughts when Ima stop sendin em.
women are caught in webs spin em and hock venom.
adrenaline shots of penicillin could not get the illin to stop.
amoxicillins just not real enough.
the criminal copkillin hiphop villain.
a minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners.
youre comin with me feel it or not.
youre gonna fear it like I showed ya the spirit of God lives in us.
you hear it a lot lyrics to shock.
is it a miracle or am I just product of pop fizzin up.
fa shizzle my wizzle this is the plot listen up.
you bizzles forgot Slizzle does not give a fuck.
til the roof comes off til the lights go out.
til my legs give out cant shut my mouth.
til the smoke clears out am I high Perhaps.
ima rip this shit til my bones collapse.
til the roof comes off til the lights go out.
until the roof until the roof.
til my legs give out cant shut my mouth.
the roof comes off the roof comes off.
til the smoke clears out am I high Perhaps.
until my legs until my legs.
ima rip this shit til my bones collapse.
give out from underneath me.

music is like magic theres a certain feelin you get.
when you real and you spit and people are feelin your shit.
this is your moment and every single minute you spend.
tryna hold on to it cause you may never get it again.
so while youre in it try to get as much shit as you can.
and when your run is over just admit when its at its end.
cause Im at the end of my wits with half the shit that gets in.
i got a list heres the order of my list that its in.
it goes Reggie JayZ 2Pac and Biggie.
andré from OutKast Jada Kurupt Nas and then me.
but in this industry Im the cause of a lot of envy.
so when Im not put on this list the shit does not offend me.
thats why you see me walk around like nothings botherin me.
even though half you people got a fuckin problem with me.
you hate it but you know respect you got to give me.
the presss wet dream like Bobby and Whitney  Nate hit me.
til the roof comes off til the lights go out.
til my legs give out cant shut my mouth.
til the smoke clears out am I high Perhaps.
ima rip this shit til my bones collapse.
til the roof comes off til the lights go out.
until the roof until the roof.
til my legs give out cant shut my mouth.
the roof comes off the roof comes off.
til the smoke clears out am I high Perhaps.
until my legs until my legs.
ima rip this shit til my bones collapse.
give out from underneath me.
soon as a verse starts I eat at an MCs heart.
what is he thinking How not to go against me smart.
and its absurd how people hang on every word.
ill probly never get the props I feel I ever deserve.
but Ill never be served my spot is forever reserved.
if I ever leave Earth that would be the death of me first.
cause in my heart of hearts I know nothin could ever be worse.
thats why Im clever when I put together every verse.
my thoughts are sporadic I act like Im an addict.
i rap like Im addicted to smack like Im Kim Mathers.
but I dont wanna go forth and back in constant battles.
the fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers.
so this is like a fullblown attack Im launchin at em.
the track is on some battlin raps who wants some static.
cause I dont really think that the fact that Im Slim matters.
a plaque and platinum status is wack if Im not the baddest so.
til the roof comes off til the lights go out.
til my legs give out cant shut my mouth.
til the smoke clears out am I high Perhaps.
ima rip this shit til my bones collapse.
til the roof comes off til the lights go out.
until the roof until the roof.
til my legs give out cant shut my mouth.
the roof comes off the roof comes off.
til the smoke clears out am I high Perhaps.
until my legs until my legs.
ima rip this shit til my bones collapse.
give out from underneath me.

until the roof until the roof.
the roof comes off the roof comes off.
until my legs until my legs.
give out from underneath me.
i I will not fall I will stand tall.
feels like no one can beat.

fall.
you know everybodys been tellin me.
what they think about me for the last few months.
its too loud.
maybe its time I tell em what I think about them.
cant hear it coming down the hallway stairs from the parking lot.
its too loud.
threes not a crowd all up in it.
slow fire.
dont fall on my face.
dont fall on my faith oh.
dont fall on my fate.
dont fall on my faith oh.
dont fall on my fate.
dont fall on my.

gotta concentrate against the clock I race.
got no time to waste Im already late I got a marathoners pace.
went from addict to a workaholic word to Dr Dre.
and I aint just blowin smoke less its in your mamas face.
i know this time Paul and Dre.
and though me and my party days.
have all pretty much parted ways.
one last time for Charlamagne.
if my response is late its just how long it takes.
these rappers are like Hunger Games.
next minute they get their style from Migos or they copy Drake.
maybe I just dont know when to turn around and walk away.
but all the hate I call it WalkonWaterGate.
ive had as much as I can tolerate.
im sick and tired of waitin I done lost my patience.
you wanted Shady You got him.
dont fall on my faith oh.

somebody tell Budden before I snap he better fasten it.
or have his body bag get zipped.
and dont make me have to give it back to Akademiks.
say this shit is trash again Ill have you twisted.
even when Im gettin brain youll never catch me with a thot.
lacking with it He aint spittin like this on his last shit.
ho you better go back and listen.
you know me better thinkin Ill slow or let up.
call it trap cause its a total setup.
hopin that you rappers fall in that.
stackin ammunition slap the clip in cock it back on competition.
my attack is vicious Jack the Ripper back in business.
tyler create nothin I see why you called yourself a  bitch.
its not just cause you lack attention.
its because you worship D12s balls youre sackreligious.
if youre gonna critique me.
you better at least be as good or better.
get Earl the Hooded Sweater.
whatever his name is to help you put together.
some words more than just two letters.
the fans waited for this moment like that feature.

just remember I was here before you.
and Ill be here after you make your runin for you.
just what the doctor ordered.
increase the dose from least to most.
and then tell the Grammys to go and fuck themselves.
they suck the blood from all the biggest artists like some leeches.
so they nominate em get em there get a name to MC the show.
then give Album of the Year to somebody that no ones ever even heard of.
all I know is I wrote every single word of everything I ever murdered.
and I got no faith in your writers I dont believe in ghosts.
a beacon of hope put a BIRD in the air.
somewhere some kid is bumpin this while he lipsyncs in the mirror.
thats who Im doin it for the rest I dont really even care.
but you would think Im carryin a Oxford dictionary in my pocket.
how Im buryin these artists.
on a scale of turnt youre minus.
mine says very yours says hardly.
and far as Lord Jamar you better leave me the Hell alone.
or Ill show you an Elvis clone.
walk up in this house you own thrust my pelvic bone.
use your telephone and go fetch me the remote.
i belong here clown Dont tell me bout the culture.
i inspired the Hopsins the Logics the Coles the.
seans the KDots the 59s and oh.
brought the world 50 Cent you did squat piss and moan.
its too loud.
cant hear it coming down the hallway stairs from the parking lot.
its too loud.
threes not a crowd all up in it.
slow.

8 Mile BRabbit vs Papa Doc.
now everybody from the 313.
put your motherfuckin hands up and follow me.
everybody from the 313.
put your motherfuckin hands up Look look.
now while he stands tough.
notice that this man did not have his hands up.
this Free Worlds got you gassed up.
now whos afraid of the Big Bad Wolf.
one two three and to the four.
one Pac two Pac three Pac four.
four Pac three Pac two Pac one.
youre Pac hes Pac no Pac none.
this guy aint no motherfuckin MC.
i know everything hes bout to say against me.
i am white I am a fucking bum.
i do live in a trailer with my mom.
my boy Future is an Uncle Tom.
i do got a dumb friend named Cheddar Bob.
who shoots himself in his leg with his own gun.
i did get jumped by all six of you chumps.
and Wink did fuck my girl.
im still standin here screaming Fuck the Free World.
dont ever try to judge me dude.
you dont know what the fuck Ive been through.
but I know something about you.
you went to Cranbrook thats a private school.
whats the matter dawg You embarrassed.
this guys a gangster His real names Clarence.
and Clarence lives at home with both parents.
and Clarence parents have a real good marriage.
this guy dont wanna battle hes shook.
cause aint no such things as halfway crooks.
hes scared to death hes scared to look.
at his fucking yearbook fuck Cranbrook.
fuck a beat Ill go a cappella.
fuck a Papa Doc fuck a clock fuck a trailer.
fuck everybody Fuck yall if you doubt me.
im a piece of fucking white trash I say it proudly.
and fuck this battle I dont wanna win Im outtie.
here tell these people something they dont know about me.


love the Way You Lie.
just gonna stand there and watch me burn.
well thats all right because I like the way it hurts.
just gonna stand there and hear me cry.
well thats all right because I love the way you lie.
i love the way you lie.

i cant tell you what it really is I can only tell you what it feels like.
and right now theres a steel knife in my windpipe.
i cant breathe but I still fight while I can fight.
as long as the wrong feels right its like Im in flight.
high off her love drunk from her hate.
its like Im huffin paint and I love her the more I suffer I suffocate.
and right before Im about to drown she resuscitates me.
she fuckin hates me and I love it  Wait.
where you going  Im leaving you  No you aint.
come back  Were runnin right back here we go again.
its so insane cause when its goin good its goin great.
im Superman with the wind at his back shes Lois Lane.
but when its bad its awful I feel so ashamed.
i snapped Whos that dude I dont even know his name.
i laid hands on her Ill never stoop so low again.
i guess I dont know my own strength.

just gonna stand there and watch me burn.
well thats all right because I like the way it hurts.
just gonna stand there and hear me cry.
well thats all right because I love the way you lie.
i love the way you lie.
i love the way you lie.
you ever love somebody so much you can barely breathe when youre with em.
you meet and neither one of you even know what hit em.
got that warm fuzzy feelin yeah them chills used to get em.
now youre gettin fuckin sick of lookin at em.
you swore youd never hit em never do nothin to hurt em.
now youre in each others face.
spewin venom in your words when you spit em.
you push pull each others hair scratch claw bit em.
throw em down pin em.
so lost in the moments when youre in em.
its the rage that took over it controls you both.
so they say youre best to go your separate ways.
guess that they dont know ya.
cause today that was yesterday yesterday is over.
its a different day sound like broken records playin over.
but you promised her next time youll show restraint.
you dont get another chance life is no Nintendo game.
but you lied again.
now you get to watch her leave out the window.
guess thats why they call it window pane.
just gonna stand there and watch me burn.
well thats all right because I like the way it hurts.
just gonna stand there and hear me cry.
well thats all right because I love the way you lie.
i love the way you lie.
i love the way you lie.
now I know we said things did things that we didnt mean.
then we fall back into the same patterns same routine.
but your tempers just as bad as mine is youre the same as me.
when it comes to love youre just as blinded baby please.
come back it wasnt you baby it was me.
maybe our relationship isnt as crazy as it seems.
maybe thats what happens when a tornado meets a volcano.
all I know is I love you too much to walk away though.
come inside pick up your bags off the sidewalk.
dont you hear sincerity in my voice when I talk.
told you this is my fault look me in the eyeball.
next time Im pissed Ill aim my fist at the drywall.
next time There wont be no next time.
i apologize even though I know its lies.
im tired of the games I just want her back I know Im a liar.
if she ever tries to fuckin leave again Ima tie her.
to the bed and set this house on fire just gonna.
just gonna stand there and watch me burn.
well thats all right because I like the way it hurts.
just gonna stand there and hear me cry.
well thats all right because I love the way you lie.
i love the way you lie.
i love the way you.

superman.
mhmmm inhales.
you high baby.
yeah hahahaha.
yeah.
talk to me.
you want me to tell you something.
uhhuh.
i know what you wanna hear.

cause I know you want me baby I think I want you too.
i wanna grow together lets let our love unfurl.
you know you want me baby you know I want you too.
they call me Superman Im here to rescue you.
oh boy you drive me crazy bitch you make me hurl.

they call me Superman.
leap tall hoes in a single bound.
im single now got no ring on this finger now.
id never let another chick bring me down.
in a relationship save it bitch.
babysit You make me sick.
superman aint savin shit.
girl you can jump on Shadys dick.
straight from the hip cut to the chase.
i tell a muhfuckin slut to her face.
play no games say no names.
ever since I broke up with whatsherface.
im a different man kiss my ass.
kiss my lips Bitch why ask.
kiss my dick get my cash.
id rather have you whip my ass.
dont put out Ill put you out.
wont get out Ill push you out.
puss blew out poppin shit.
wouldnt piss on fire to put you out.
am I too nice Buy you ice.
bitch if you died wouldnt buy you life.
what you tryin to be my new wife.
what you Mariah Fly through twice.
but I do know one thing though.
bitches they come they go.
monday through Sunday yo.
maybe Ill love you one day.
maybe well someday grow.
til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin runway ho.

cause I cant be your Superman cant be your Superman.
cant be your Superman cant be your Superman.
i cant be your Superman cant be your Superman.
cant be your Superman your Superman your Superman.

dont get me wrong I love these hoes.
its no secret everybody knows.
yeah we fuckedbitch so what.
thats about as far as your buddy goes.
well be friends Ill call you again.
ill chase you around every bar you attend.
never know what kinda car Ill be in.
well see how much youll be partyin then.
you dont want that neither do I.
i dont wanna flip when I see you with guys.
too much pride between you and I.
not a jealous man but females lie.
but I guess thats just what sluts do.
how could it ever be just us two.
id never love you enough to trust you.
we just met and I just fucked you.
but I do know one thing though.
bitches they come they go.
saturday through Sunday Monday.
monday through Sunday yo.
maybe Ill love you one day.
maybe well someday grow.
til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin runway ho.

cause I cant be your Superman cant be your Superman.
cant be your Superman cant be your Superman.
i cant be your Superman cant be your Superman.
cant be your Superman your Superman your Superman.
cause I cant be your Superman cant be your Superman.
cant be your Superman cant be your Superman.
i cant be your Superman cant be your Superman.
cant be your Superman your Superman your Superman.

i know you want me baby I think I want you too.
i think I love you baby I think I love you too.
im here to save you girl come be in Shadys world.
i wanna grow together lets let our love unfurl.
you know you want me baby you know I want you too.
they call me Superman Im here to rescue you.
i wanna save you girl come be in Shadys world.
oh boy you drive me crazy bitch you make me hurl.
first thing you say Im not fazed.
i hang around big stars all day.
i dont see what the big deal is anyway.
youre just plain old Marshall to me.
ooh yeah girl run that game.
hailie Jade I love that name.
love that tattoo whats that say.
rot In Pieces uh thats great.
first off you dont know Marshall.
at all so dont grow partial.
thats ammo for my arsenal.
ill slap you off that bar stool.
there goes another lawsuit.
leave handprints all across you.
good Lordy whoadie.
you must be gone off that water bottle.
you want what you cant have.
ooh girl thats too damn bad.
dont touch what you cant grab.
end up with two backhands.
put anthrax on a Tampax.
and slap you til you cant stand.
girl you just blew your chance.
dont mean to ruin your plans.

but I do know one thing though.
bitches they come they go.
saturday through Sunday Monday.
monday through Sunday yo.
maybe Ill love you one day.
maybe well someday grow.
til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin runway ho.

cause I cant be your Superman cant be your Superman.
cant be your Superman cant be your Superman.
i cant be your Superman cant be your Superman.
cant be your Superman your Superman your Superman.
cause I cant be your Superman cant be your Superman.
cant be your Superman cant be your Superman.
i cant be your Superman cant be your Superman.
cant be your Superman your Superman your Superman.

i know you want me baby I think I want you too.
i think I love you baby I think I love you too.
im here to save you girl come be in Shadys world.
i wanna grow together lets let our love unfurl.
you know you want me baby you know I want you too.
they call me Superman Im here to rescue you.
i wanna save you girl come be in Shadys world.
oh boy you drive me crazy bitch you make me hurl.

cause I cant be your Superman cant be your Superman.
cant be your Superman cant be your Superman.
i cant be your Superman cant be your Superman.
cant be your Superman your Superman your Superman.
cause I cant be your Superman cant be your Superman.
cant be your Superman cant be your Superman.
i cant be your Superman cant be your Superman.
cant be your Superman your Superman your.

kamikaze.

hah yeah Im a fuckin kamikaze crashin into everything.
you beat me Islamic Nazi that means there is no such thing.
ive been goin for your jugular since Craig G Duck Alert.
wedgie in my underwear the whole bed sheet and the comforter.
stuck up in my rectal crack kiss my disrespectful ass.
ill ride through your culdesac.
window cracked bumpin your reference tracks.
yYou collaborative effort rap II have never said his raps.
oOverstayed my welcome stepped in crap.
and ruined your welcome mat.
like a fighter jet lined with explosives thatll strike any moment.
headed right at opponents and Im the fuckin pilot that flown it.
im bout to.

smash into everyone crash into everything.
back and Ive just begun FACK 2017.
fack fack on everyone.
fack fack on everyone.
fack fack on everyone.
im a Kamikaze gonna.
smash into everyone crash like an F15.
damage already done yall shoulda let me be.
fack fack on everyone.
fack fack on everyone.
fack fack on everyone.
im a Kamikaze gonna.
which is why I identify with the guy.
who I was invented by Dres Frankenstein.
energized like a nine volt.
ice cold like Snake Eyes twice in a row on a dice roll.
but if the only reason I blowed is cause Im white though.
kamikaze pilot I wrote my suicide note.
here come the guys in white coats tryin to stop me.
fore I jump behind the controls and try to fly into foes.
cause Im takin yall with me when I go cyclone.
i dont think this typhoons letting up any time soon here I go.
eyes closed blindfolded Im bout to.

smash into everyone crash into everything.
back and Ive just begun FACK 2017.
fack fack on everyone.
fack fack on everyone.
fack fack on everyone.
im a Kamikaze gonna.
smash into everyone crash like an F15.
damage already done yall shoulda let me be.
fack fack on everyone.
fack fack on everyone.
fack fack on everyone.
im a Kamikaze gonna.
smash.
kamikaze kamikaze.
take a look at what Ive done.

i heard your freestyle on Shade 45 that shit was embarrassing.
there is no way we ever air that shit again I guarantee that.
the shits embarrassing as me rearending Tara Reid bare.
in my therapy chair my dick is the hair length of Cher.
each nut is the chair width of an Acorn stairlift beware of me.
lyrically Im terrible better get your lyrics prepared.
richard Ramirez is here serial killin every beat there is.

wait wait got the eeriest feelin.
somethin evil is lurkin Im no conspiracy theorist.
but somethin here is a footoh yeah its my dick.
wait but Ive been goin for your jugular since Craig G Duck Alert.
and Ive come to pay respects.
cause if you sleep youre fuckedother words.
you get laid to rest and I hope your butt is hurt.
put me on a track I go cray on it like a color book.
you got some views but youre still below me.
mine are higher so when you compare our views you get overlooked.
and I dont say the hook unless I wrote the hook.
and now Im just freestylin in the vocal booth.
and you know Ive always spoke the truth.
youre lyin through your teeth so much you broke a tooth.
and it aint somethin I need a phone to do.
when I say I cant wait til I get ahold of you.
and I dont know what Im sposed to do.
line up the rappers take my pic like a photo.

walk on Water.
i walk on water.
but I aint no Jesus.
i walk on water.

why are expectations so high Is it the bar I set.
my arms I stretch but I cant reach.
a far cry from it or its in my grasp but as.
soon as I grab squeeze.
i lose my grip like the flying trapeze.
into the dark I plummet now the skys blackening.
i know the marks high butter.
flies rip apart my stomach.
knowin that no matter what bars I come with.
youre gonna harp gripe and.
thats a hard Vicodin to swallow so I scrap these.
as pressure increases like khakis.
i feel the ice cracking because.

i walk on water.
but I aint no Jesus.
but only when it freezes.
its the curse of the standard that the first of the Mathers disc set.
always in search of the verse that I havent spit yet.
will this step just be another misstep.
to tarnish whatever the legacy love or respect.
ive garnered The rhyme has to be perfect the delivery flawless.
and it always feels like Im hittin the mark.
til I go sit in the car listen and pick it apart.
like This shit is garbage.
gods given me all this still I feel no different regardless.
kids look to me as a god this is retarded.
if only they knew its a facade and its exhaustive.
and I try not to listen to nonsense.
but if you bitches are tryin to strip me of my confidence.
mission accomplished.
im not Godsent Nas Rakim Pac BIG James Todd Smith.
and Im not Prince so.

i walk on water.
but I aint no Jesus.
i walk on water.
but only when it freezes.
cause Im only human just like you.
making my mistakes oh if you only knew.
i dont think you should believe in me the way that you do.
cause Im terrified to let you down oh.

its true Im a Rubiksa beautiful mess.
at times juvenile yes I goof and I jest.
a flawed human I guess.
but Im doin my best to not ruin your ex.
pectations and meet em but first.
the Speedom verse now Big Sean.
hes goin too fast is he gonna shout or curse out his mom.
there was a time I had the world by the balls eatin out my palm.
every album song I was spazzin the fuck out on.
and now Im gettin clowned and frowned on.
but the only one whos looking down on.
me that matters nows DeShaun.
am I lucky to be around this long.
begs the question though.
especially after the methadone.
as yesterday fades and the Dresden home.
is burnt to the ground and all thats left of my house is lawn.
the crowds are gone.
and its time to wash out the blonde.
sales decline the curtains drawn.
theyre closin the set Im still pokin my head from out behind.
and everyone who has doubt remind.
now take your best rhyme outdo it now do it a thousand times.
now let em tell ya the world no longer cares.
or gives a fuck about your rhymes.
and as I grow outta sight outta mind I might go outta mine.
cause how do I ever let this mic go without a fight.
when I made a fuckin tightrope outta twine.
but when I do fall from these heights though Ill be fine.
i wont pout or cry or spiral down or whine.
but Ill decide if its my final bow this time around cause.
i walk on water.
but I aint no Jesus.
i walk on water.
but only when it freezes.

cause Im only human just like you.
ive been making my mistakes oh if you only knew.
i dont think you should believe in me the way that you do.
cause Im terrified to let you down oh.
if I walked on water I would drown.

cause Im just a man.
but as long as I got a mic Im godlike.
so me and you are not alike.
bitch I wrote.

bad Guy.
649 ContributorsTranslationsEnglishEnglishBad Guy LyricsPart 1 Produced by S1 and MPhazes.
its like Im in the dirt diggin up old hurt.
tried everything to get my mind off you it wont work.
all it takes is one song on the radio youre.
right back on it reminding me all over again how you fuckin just brushed me off and left me so burnt.
spent a lot of time tryna soul search.
maybe I needed to grow up a little first.
well looks like I hit a growth spurt.
but Im coming for closure.
dont suppose an explanation Im owed.
for the way that you turned your back on me.
just when I may have needed you most.
oh you thought it was over.
you could just close the.
chapter and go about your life like it was nothing.
you ruined mine but you seem to be doing fine.
well Ive never recovered.
but tonight bet you that what youre.
bout to go throughs tougher than anything I ever have suffered.
cant think of a better way to define poetic justice.
can I hold grudges Mind saying Let it go fuck this.
hearts saying I will once I bury this bitch alive.
hide the shovel and then drive off in the sunset.
oh you had me pegged the first time.
but its easier to justify whats bad is good.
i just hate to be the bad.
and to think I used to think you was the shit bitch.
to think it was you at one time I worshipped Shit.
think you can hurt people and just keep getting away with it.
not this time you better go and get the sewing kit bitch.
finish this stitch so you can reap what you sew nitwit.
thought some time would pass and Id forget it Forget it.
you left our family in shambles.
you expect me to just get over him pretend he never existed.
may be gone but hes not forgotten.
and dont think cause hes been out the picture so long that Ive stopped the plotting and still aint coming to get ya.
youre wrong and that shit was rotten.
and the way you played hims same shit you did to me cold.
have you any idea the shit that Ive gone through.
feelings I harbor All this pentup resentment I hold on to.
not once you call to ask me how Im doing.
letters you dont respond to em.
fuck it Im coming to see you.
and gee who better to talk to than you.
the cause of my problems.
my life is garbage and Im bout to take it out on ya.
poof then Im gone voosh.
oh you had me pegged the first time.
but its easier to justify whats bad is good.
i just hate to be the bad guy.
follow me I ruhuhun follow me I ruhuhun.

ive been drivin around your side of this town.
like nine frickin hours and fortyfive minutes now.
finally I found your new address park in your drive.
feel like Ive been waitin on this moment all of my life.
and its now arrived and my mouth is full of saliva.
my knife is out and Im duckin on the side of your house.
see its sad it came to this point.
such a disappointment I had to make this appointment.
to come and see ya but I aint here for your empathy.
i dont need your apology or your friendship or sympathy.
its revenge that I seek.
so I sneak vengefully and treat your bedroom window.
continue to peep still bent low then keep.
tapping the glass lightly then start to crescendo sneak.
all the way round to the back porch.
man door handles unlocked shouldnt be that easy to do this.
you dont plan for intruders beforehand.
surprised to see me Cat got your tongue.
gag chloroform rag dag almost hackup a lung.
like you picked an axe up and swung stick to the core plan.
dragged to the back of a trunk by one of your fans.
ironys spectacular huh Now whos a faggot you punk.
and heres your Bronco hat you can have that shit back cause they suck.
its just me you and the music now Slim I hope you hear it.
were in a car right nowwait here comes my favorite lyric.
im the bad guy who makes fun of people that die.
and hey heres a sequel to my Mathers LP just to try to get people to buy.
hows this for a publicity stunt This should be fun.
last album now cause after this youll be officially done.
eminem killed by M and M Matthew Mitchell.
bitch I even have your initials.
i initially was gonna bury you next to my brother but fuck it.
since youre in love with your city so much I figured what the fuck the best place you could be buried alive is right here.
two more exits time is quite near.
hope we dont get stopped no license I fear.
that sirens I hear.
guess ninety on the freeway wasnt the brightest idea.
as cops appear in my drivers side mirror.
hope Foxtrot gets an aerial shot of your burial plot at least.
new plan Stan.
slim Chauvinist pig drove in this big Lincoln Town Car.
well gotta go almost at the bridge.
ha ha big bro its for you Slim this is for him.
and Frank Ocean oh hope you can swim good.
now say you hate homos again.
part 2 Produced by StreetRunner.
i also represent anyone on the receiving end of those jokes you offend.
im the nightmare you fell asleep and then woke up still in.
im your karma closin in with each stroke of a pen.
perfect time to have some remorse to show for your sin.
nope its hopeless Im that denial that youre hopelessly in.
when they say all of this is approaching its end.
but you refuse to believe that its over here we go all over again.
backs to the wall Im stackin up all them odds.
toilets clogged yeah cause Im talkin a lot of shit but Im backin it all up.
but in my head theres a voice in the back and it hollers.
after the track is demolished.
i am your lack of a conscience.
im the ringing in your ears.
im the polyps on the back of your tonsils.
eating your vocal cords after your concerts.
im your time thats almost up that you havent acknowledged.
grab for some water.
but Im that pill thats too jagged to swallow.
im the bullies you hate that you became with every faggot you slaughtered comin back on ya.
every woman you insult batter but the doublestandard you have when it comes to your daughters.
i represent everything you take for granted.
cause Marshall Mathers the rappers persona.
is half a facade and Matthew and Stans just symbolic.
of you not knowin what you had til its gone.
cause after all the glitz and the glam.
no more fans that are calling your name.
cameras are off sad but it happens to all of them.
im the hindsight to say I told you so.
foreshadows of all the things that are to follow.
im the future thats here to show you what happens tomorrow.
if you dont stop after they call ya.
biggest laughing stock of rap who cant call it quits.
when its time to walk away Im every guilt trip.
the baggage you have but as you gather up all your possessions.
if theres anything you have left to say.
less it makes an impact then dont bother.
so one last time Im back.
fore it fades into black and its all over.
behold the final chapter in a saga.
tryna recapture that lightning trapped in a bottle.
twice the magic that started it all.
tragic portrait of an artist tortured.
trapped in his own drawings.
tap into thoughts blacker and darker than anything imaginable.
here goes a wild stab in the dark.
uh as we pick up where the last Mathers left.

not Afraid.
yeah.
its been a ride.
i guess I had to.
go to that place to get to this one.
well walk this road together through the storm.
now some of you.
whatever weather cold or warm.
might still be in that place.
just lettin you know that youre not alone.
if youre tryna get out.
holla if you feel like youve been down the same road.
just follow me Ill get you there.

you can try and read my lyrics off of this paper before I lay em.
but you wont take the sting out these words before I say em.
cause aint no way Ima let you stop me from causin mayhem.
when I say Ima do somethin I do it I dont give a damn what you think.
im doin this for me so fuck the world.
feed it beans its gassed up if it thinks its stoppin me.
ima be what I set out to be without a doubt undoubtedly.
and all those who look down on me Im tearin down your balcony.
no ifs ands or buts dont try to ask him why or how can he.
from Infinite down to the last Relapse album hes.
still shittin whether hes on salary paid hourly.
until he bows out or he shits his bowels out of him.
whichever comes first for better or worse.
hes married to the game.
like a fuck you for Christmas his gift is a curse.
forget the Earth hes got the urge to pull his dick from the dirt.
and fuck the whole universe.
well walk this road together through the storm.
whatever weather cold or warm.
just lettin you know that youre not alone.
holla if you feel like youve been down the same road.

okay quit playin with the scissors and shit and cut the crap.
i shouldnt have to rhyme these words in a rhythm for you to know its a wrap.
you said you was king you lied through your teeth.
for that fuck your feelings.
instead of gettin crowned youre gettin capped.
and to the fans Ill never let you down again Im back.
i promise to never go back on that promise.
in fact lets be honest that last Relapse CD was ehh.
perhaps I ran them accents into the ground.
relax I aint goin back to that now.
all Im tryna say is get back clickclackblaow.
cause I aint playin around.
theres a game called circle and I dont know how.
im way too up to back down.
but I think Im still tryna figure this crap out.
thought I had it mapped out.
but I guess I didnt this fuckin black cloud still follows me around.
but its time to exorcise these demons.
these mafuckers are doin jumpin jacks now.
well walk this road together through the storm.
whatever weather cold or warm.
just lettin you know that youre not alone.
holla if you feel like youve been down the same road.

and I just cant keep livin this way.
so startin today.
im breakin out of this cage.
im standin up Ima face my demons.
im mannin up Ima hold my ground.
ive had enough now Im so fed up.
time to put my life back together right now.

it was my decision to get clean I did it for me.
admittedly I probably did it subliminally for you.
so I could come back a brandnew me.
you helped see me through.
and dont even realize what you did cause believe me you.
ive been through the wringer.
but they can do little to the middle finger.
i think I got a tear in my eye I feel like the king of.
my world haters can make like bees with no stingers.
and drop dead no more beef lingers.
no more drama from now on I promise.
to focus solely on handlin my responsibilities as a father.
so I solemnly swear to always treat this roof like my daughters and raise it.
you couldnt lift a single shingle on it.
cause the way I feel Im strong enough to go to the club.
or the corner pub and lift the whole liquor counter up.
cause Im raisin the bar.
id shoot for the moon but Im too busy gazin at stars.
i feel amazin and Im.
well walk this road together through the storm.
whatever weather cold or warm.
just lettin you know that youre not alone.
holla if you feel like youve been down the same.

cleanin Out My Closet.
wheres my snare.
i have no snare in my headphones.
there you go.
yeah.
yo yo.

have you ever been hated or discriminated against.
i have I been protested and demonstrated against.
picket signs for my wicked rhymes look at the times.
sick is the mind of the motherfuckin kid thats behind.
all this commotion emotions run deep as oceans explodin.
tempers flarin from parents just blow em off and keep goin.
not takin nothin from no one give em hell long as Im breathin.
keep kickin ass in the morning and takin names in the evenin.
leave em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth.
see they can trigger me but theyll never figure me out.
look at me now I bet youre prolly sick of me now.
aint you Mama Ima make you look so ridiculous now.
im sorry Mama.
i never meant to hurt you.
i never meant to make you cry.
i said Im sorry Mama.
i never meant to hurt you.
i never meant to make you cry.
i got some skeletons in my closet and I dont know if no one knows it.
so before they throw me inside my coffin and close it.
ima expose it Ill take you back to 73.
before I ever had a multiplatinumselling CD.
i was a baby maybe I was just a couple of months.
my faggot father mustve had his panties up in a bunch.
cause he split I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye.
no I dont on second thought I just fuckin wished he would die.
i look at Hailie and I couldnt picture leavin her side.
even if I hated Kim Id grit my teeth and Id try.
to make it work with her at least for Hailies sake I maybe made some mistakes.
but Im only human but Im man enough to face em today.
what I did was stupid no doubt it was dumb.
but the smartest shit I did was take the bullets out of that gun.
cause Ida killed em shit I woulda shot Kim and him both.
its my life Id like to welcome yall to The Eminem Show.
im sorry Mama.
i never meant to hurt you.
i never meant to make you cry.
i said Im sorry Mama.
i never meant to hurt you.
i never meant to make you cry.
now I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition.
take a second to listen fore you think this record is dissin.
but put yourself in my position just try to envision.
witnessin your mama poppin prescription pills in the kitchen.
bitchin that someones always goin through her purse and shits missin.
goin through public housing systems victim of Münchausens Syndrome.
my whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasnt.
til I grew up now I blew up it makes you sick to your stomach doesnt it.
wasnt it the reason you made that CD for me Ma.
so you could try to justify the way you treated me Ma.
but guess what youre gettin older now and its cold when youre lonely.
and Nathans growin up so quick hes gonna know that youre phony.
and Hailies gettin so big now you should see her shes beautiful.
see what hurts me the most is you wont admit you was wrong.
bitch do your song keep tellin yourself that you was a mom.
but how dare you try to take what you didnt help me to get.
you selfish bitch I hope you fuckin burn in hell for this shit.
well guess what I am deaddead to you as can be.
im sorry Mama.
i never meant to hurt you.
i never meant to make you cry.
i said Im sorry Mama.
i never meant to hurt you.
i never meant to make you cry.
but tonight Im cleanin out my.

beautiful.
lately Ive been hard to reach.
ive been too long on my own.
everybody has a private world where they can be alone.
are you calling me.
are you tryin to get through.
are you reaching out for me.
im reaching out for you.

im just so fucking depressed.
i just cant seem to get out this slump.
if I could just get over this hump.
but I need something to pull me out this dump.
i took my bruises took my lumps.
fell down then I got right back up.
but I need that spark to get psyched back up.
in order for me to pick the mic back up.
i dont know how or why or when.
i ended up in this position Im in.
im starting to feel distant again.
so I decided just to pick this pen.
up and try to make an attempt.
to vent but I just cant admit.
or come to grips with the fact that.
i may be done with rap I need a new outlet.
and I know some shits so hard to swallow.
but I just cant sit back and wallow.
in my own sorrow but I know one fact.
ill be one tough act to follow.
one tough act to follow.
ill be one tough act to follow.
here today gone tomorrow.
but youd have to walk a thousand miles.
in my shoes just to see.
what its like to be me.
ill be you lets trade shoes.
just to see what itd be like to.
feel your pain you feel mine.
go inside each others minds.
just to see what we find.
look at shit through each others eyes.

but dont let em say you aint beautiful oh.
they can all get fucked just stay true to you so.
dont let em say you aint beautiful oh.
they can all get fucked just stay true to you so.

i think Im startin to lose my sense of humor.
everythings so tense and gloom.
i almost feel like I gotta check the temperature.
of the room just as soon as.
i walk in its like all eyes on me.
so I try to avoid any eye contact.
cause if I do that then it opens a door.
for conversation like I want that.
im not lookin for extra attention.
i just wanna be just like you.
blend in with the rest of the room.
maybe just point me to the closest restroom.
i dont need no fuckin man servant.
tryna follow me around and wipe my ass.
laugh at every single joke I crack.
and half of em aint even funny like Ha.
marshall youre so funny man.
you should be a comedian goddamn.
unfortunately I am.
i just hide behind the tears of a clown.
so why dont you all sit down.
listen to the tale Im about to tell.
hell we dont gotta trade our shoes.
and you aint gotta walk no thousand miles.
in my shoes just to see.
what its like to be me.
ill be you lets trade shoes.
just to see what itd be like to.
feel your pain you feel mine.
go inside each others minds.
just to see what we find.
look at shit through each others eyes.

but dont let em say you aint beautiful oh.
they can all get fucked just stay true to you so.
dont let em say you aint beautiful oh.
they can all get fucked just stay true to you so.
nobody asked for life to deal us.
with these bullshit hands were dealt.
we gotta take these cards ourselves.
and flip em dont expect no help.
now I couldve either just sat.
on my ass and pissed and moaned.
or take this situation in which Im placed in.
and get up and get my own.
i was never the type of kid.
to wait by the door and pack his bags.
and sat on the porch and hoped and prayed.
for a dad to show up who never did.
i just wanted to fit in.
in every single place every school I went.
i dreamed of being that cool kid.
even if it meant actin stupid.
aunt Edna always told me.
keep making that face itll get stuck like that.
meanwhile Im just standin there.
holdin my tongue tryin to talk like this.
til I stuck my tongue on that frozen.
stop sign pole at eightyearsold.
i learned my lesson then cause I wasnt.
tryin to impress my friends no mo.
but I already told you my whole life story.
not just based on my description.
cause where you see it from where youre sittin.
its probably a 110 different.
i guess we would have to walk a.
mile in each others shoes at least.
what size you wear I wear 10s.
lets see if you can fit your feet.
in my shoes just to see.
what its like to be me.
ill be you lets trade shoes.
just to see what itd be like to.
feel your pain you feel mine.
go inside each others minds.
just to see what we find.
look at shit through each others eyes.

but dont let em say you aint beautiful oh.
they can all get fucked just stay true to you so.
dont let em say you aint beautiful oh.
they can all get fucked just stay true to you so.

lately Ive been hard to reach.
everybody has a private world.
are you calling me.
are you reaching out for me.

yeah.
to my babies.
stay strong.
your Dadll be home soon.
and to the rest of the world.
god gave you shoes.
to fit you.
so put em on and wear em.
be yourself man.
be proud of who you are.
even if it sounds corny.
dont never let no one tell you.

no Love.
love love.
love love love.
dont hurt me.
dont hurt me no more.
young Money yeah.
no more.
uh.
love.

throw dirt on me and grow a wildflower.
but its Fuck the world get a child out her.
yeah my life a bitch but you know nothing bout her.
im rollin Sweets Im smokin sour.
married to the game but she broke her vows.
thats why my bars are full of broken bottles.
and my nightstands are full of open Bibles.
uh I think about more than I forget.
but I dont go around fire expectin not to sweat.
and these niggas know I lay em down make your bed.
bitches try to kick me while Im down Ill break your leg.
money outweighin problems on a triple beam.
im stickin to the script you niggas skippin scenes.
uh be good or be good at it.
fuckin right I got my gun semiCartermatic.
yeah put a dick in they mouth so I guess its fuck what they say.
im high as a bitch up up and away man Ill come down in a couple of days.
okay you want me up in the cage Then Ill come out in beast mode.
i got this world stuck in the safe combination is the G code.
its Weezy motherfucker Blood gang and Im in bleed mode.
all about my dough but I dont even check the peephole.
so you can keep knockin but wont knock me down.
no love lost no love found.
you kicked me when I was down.
you ran me into the ground.
dont wanna see you.
get em.

im alive again.
see these peoples ears perk up as I begin.
to spaz with the pen.
uh Im a little bit sicker than most.
shits finna get thick again.
they say the competition is stiff.
but I get a hard dick from this shit now stick it in.
caution to the wind complete freedom.
look at these rappers how I treat em.
they call me a freak cause.
man get these wack cocksuckers off stage.
snatch the mic from em bitch Ima let you finish in a minute.
bout to spit the greatest verse of all time.
scribble out them rhymes you were gonna spit.
and start over from scratch and write new ones.
but Im afraid that it aint gonna make no difference.
when I rip this stage and tear it in half tonight.
its an adrenaline rush to feel the bass thump.
from the place all the way to the parking lot fellow.
coldhearted from the day I Bogarted.
when Im not even in my harshest.
you can still get roasted cause Marsh is not mellow.
til Im topplin from the top Im not gonna stop.
that means Im on top of my game.
when youre so good that you cant say it.
people just get sick cause you spit.
youll never slow the momentum at any moment Im bout to blow.
youll never take my pride.
killin the flow slow venom and the opponent is gettin no.
mercy mark my words.
aint lettin up relentless I smell blood.
i dont give a fuck keep givin them hell.
where was you when I fell and needed help up.
you get no love.
you kicked me when I was down.
you ran me into the ground.
but what comes around goes around.
dont wanna see you.

when Im Gone.
yeah its my life.
in my own words I guess.

have you ever loved someone so much youd give an arm for.
not the expression no literally give an arm for.
when they know theyre your heart and you know you are their armor.
and you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her.
but what happens when karma turns right around to bite you.
and everything you stand for turns on you to spite you.
what happens when you become the main source of her pain.
daddy look what I made Dads gotta go catch a plane.
daddy wheres Mommy I cant find Mommy where is she.
i dont know go play Hailie baby your daddys busy.
daddys writin a song this song aint gon write itself.
ill give you one underdog then you gotta swing by yourself.
then turn right around on that song and tell her you love her.
and put hands on her mother whos a spitting image of her.
thats Slim Shady yeah baby Slim Shadys crazy.
shady made me but tonight Shadys rockabye baby ha.
and when Im gone just carry on dont mourn.
rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice.
just know that Im lookin down on you smilin.
and I didnt feel a thing.
so baby dont feel no pain just smile back.
and when Im gone just carry on dont mourn.
rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice.
just know that Im lookin down on you smilin.
and I didnt feel a thing.
so baby dont feel my pain just smile back.
i keep havin this dream Im pushin Hailie on the swing.
she keeps screamin she dont want me to sing.
youre makin Mommy cry why Why is Mommy cryin.
baby Daddy aint leavin no more Daddy youre lyin.
you always say that you always say this is the last time.
but you aint leavin no more Daddy youre mine.
shes pilin boxes in front of the door tryna block it.
daddy please Daddy dont leave Daddy no stop it.
goes in her pocket pulls out a tiny necklace locket.
its got a picture Thisll keep you safe Daddy take it wit ya.
i look up its just me standin in the mirror.
these fuckin walls must be talkin cause man I can hear em.
theyre sayin You got one more chance to do right and its tonight.
now go out there and show em that you love em fore its too late.
and just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door.
it turns to a stage theyre gone and the spotlight is on and Im singin.

and when Im gone just carry on dont mourn.
rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice.
just know that Im lookin down on you smilin.
and I didnt feel a thing.
so baby dont feel no pain just smile back.
and when Im gone just carry on dont mourn.
rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice.
just know that Im lookin down on you smilin.
and I didnt feel a thing.
so baby dont feel my pain just smile back.
sixtythousand people all jumpin out their seat.
the curtain closes theyre throwin roses at my feet.
i take a bow and Thank you all for comin out.
theyre screamin so loud I take one last look at the crowd.
i glance down I dont believe what Im seein.
daddy its me Help Mommy her wrists are bleedin.
but baby were in Sweden how did you get to Sweden.
i followed you Daddy you told me that you werent leavin.
you lied to me Dad and now you made Mommy sad.
and I bought you this coin it says Number One Dad.
thats all I wanted I just wanna give you this coin.
i get the point fine me and Mommy are goin.
but baby wait  Its too late Dad you made the choice.
now go up there and show em that you love em more than us.
thats what they want they want you Marshall they keep.
screamin your name its no wonder you cant go to sleep.
just take another pill yeah I bet you you will.
you rap about it yeah word kkeep it real.
i hear applause all this time I couldnt see.
how could it be that the curtain is closin on me.
i turn around find a gun on the ground cock it.
put it to my brain scream Die Shady and pop it.
the sky darkens my life flashes the plane that I was.
supposed to be on crashes and burns to ashes.
thats when I wake up alarm clocks ringin theres birds singin.
its spring and Hailies outside swingin.
i walk right up to Kim and kiss her tell her I miss her.
hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister almost as if to say.
and when Im gone just carry on dont mourn.
rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice.
just know that Im lookin down on you smilin.
and I didnt feel a thing.
so baby dont feel no pain just smile back.
and when Im gone just carry on dont mourn.
rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice.
just know that Im lookin down on you smilin.
and I didnt feel a thing.
so baby dont feel my pain just smile back.
curtains.

headlights.
mom I know I let you down.
and though you say the days are happy.
why is the power off and Im fucked up.
and Mom I know hes not around.
but dont you place the blame on me.
as you pour yourself another drink yeah.

i guess we are who we are.
headlights shining in the dark night I drive on.
maybe we took this too far.

i went in headfirst never thinkin about who what I said hurt.
in what verse my mom probably got it the worst.
the brunt of it but as stubborn as we are did I take it too far.
cleanin Out My Closet and all them other songs.
but regardless I dont hate you cause Ma.
youre still beautiful to me cause youre my mom.
though far be it from you to be calm.
our house was Vietnam Desert Storm.
and both of us put together could form an atomic bomb.
equivalent to chemical warfare.
and forever we could drag this on and on.
but agree to disagree that gift for me.
up under the Christmas tree dont mean shit to me.
youre kickin me out Its fifteen degrees.
and its Christmas Eve Little prick just leave.
ma let me grab my fucking coat.
anything to have each others goats.
why we always at each others throats.
especially when Dad he fucked us both.
were in the same fuckin boat.
further away it drove us but together headlights shine.
and a car full of belongings still got a ways to go.
back to grandmas house its straight up the road.
and I was the man of the house the oldest.
so my shoulders carried the weight of the load.
then Nate got taken away by the state at eightyearsold.
and thats when I realized you were sick.
and it wasnt fixable or changeable.
and to this day we remain estranged and I hate it though but.
i guess we are who we are.
headlights shining in the dark night I drive on.
maybe we took this too far.

cause to this day we remain estranged and I hate it though.
cause you aint even get to witness your grandbabies grow.
but Im sorry Mama for Cleanin Out My Closet.
at the time I was angry rightfully Maybe so.
never meant that far to take it though.
cause now I know its not your fault and Im not makin jokes.
that song I no longer play at shows.
and I cringe every time its on the radio.
and I think of Nathan being placed in a home.
and all the medicine you fed us and.
how I just wanted you to taste your own.
but now the medications takin over.
and your mental states deterioratin slow.
and Im way too old to cry this shit is painful though.
but Ma I forgive you so does Nathan yo.
all you did all you said you did your best to raise us both.
foster care that cross you bear few may be as heavy as yours.
but I love you Debbie Mathers.
oh what a tangled web we have cause.
one thing I never asked was.
where the fuck my deadbeat dad was.
fuck it I guess he had trouble keepin up with every address.
but Ida flipped every mattress every rock and desert cactus.
owned a collection of maps.
and followed my kids to the edge of the atlas.
if someone ever moved em from me.
that you coulda bet your asses.
if I had to come down the chimney dressed as Santa kidnap em.
and although one has only met their grandma once.
you pulled up in our drive one night.
as we were leavin to get some hamburgers.
me her and Nate we introduced you hugged you.
and as you left I had this overwhelming sadness.
come over me as we pulled off to go our separate paths and.
i saw your headlights as I looked back.
and Im mad I didnt get the chance to.
thank you for being my mom and my dad.
so Mom please accept this as a.
tribute I wrote this on the jet I guess I had to.
get this off my chest I hope I get the chance to.
lay it fore Im dead the stewardess said to fasten.
my seatbelt I guess were crashin.
so if Im not dreamin I hope you get this message that.
i will always love you from afar cause youre my mom.
i guess we are who we are.
headlights shining in the dark night I drive on.
maybe we took this too far.

well no matter what the cost.
and if the plane goes down.
or if the crew cant wake me up.
well just know that Im alright.
i was not afraid to die.
oh even if theres songs to sing.
well my children will carry me.
just know that Im alright.
i was not afraid to die.
because I put my faith in my little girls.
so Ill never say goodbye cruel world.
just know that Im alright.
i am not afraid to die.

i guess we are who we are.
headlights shining in the dark night I drive on.
maybe we took this too far.
i want a new life.

my Name Is.

hi my name is what My name is who.
my name is chkachka Slim Shady.
hi my name is huh My name is what.
my name is chkachka Slim Shady.
my name is chkachka Slim Shady.
hi my name is huh My name is what.
my name is chkachka Slim Shady.

my brains dead weight Im tryna get my head straight.
then whys your face red Man you wasted.
well since age 12 I felt like Im someone else.
cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt.
got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lees tits off.
and smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross.
i smoke a fat pound of grass and fall on my ass.
faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast.
come here slut Shady wait a minute thats my girl dawg.
i dont give a fuck God sent me to piss the world off.
hi my name is what My name is who.
my name is chkachka Slim Shady.
hi my name is huh My name is what.
my name is chkachka Slim Shady.
hi my name is what My name is who.
my name is chkachka Slim Shady.
hi my name is huh My name is what.
my name is chkachka Slim Shady.

thanks a lot next semester Ill be 35.
i smacked him in his face with an eraser chased him with a stapler.
walked in the strip club had my jacket zipped up.
flashed the bartender then stuck my dick in the tip cup.
extraterrestrial running over pedestrians in a spaceship While theyre screaming at me Lets just be friends.
99 percent of my life I was lied to.
i told her Id grow up to be a famous rapper.
make a record about doin drugs and name it after her.
you know you blew up when the women rush your stands.
and try to touch your hands like some screamin Usher fans.
so I signed it Dear Dave thanks for the support asshole.
hi my name is huh My name is who.
my name is chkachka Slim Shady.
hi my name is what My name is who.
my name is chkachka Slim Shady.
hi my name is huh My name is who.
my name is chkachka Slim Shady.
hi my name is what My name is who.
my name is chkachka Slim Shady.

dr Dre dont just stand there operate.
ill have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive.
am I comin or goin I can barely decide.
all my life I was very deprived.
clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk.
when I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits.
how you gonna breastfeed me Mom You aint got no tits.
i lay awake and strap myself in the bed.
tell him that I slit his throat in this dream I had.
hi my name is what My name is who.
my name is chkachka Slim Shady.
hi my name is huh My name is what.
my name is chkachka Slim Shady.
hi my name is who My name is huh.
my name is chkachka Slim Shady.
hi my name is huh My name is who.
my name is chkachka Slim.

survival.
yeah.

this is survival of the fittest.
this is do or die.
this is the winner takes it all.
so take it all aall aall aall.
wasnt ready to be no millionaire I was illprepared.
i was prepared to be ill though the skill was there.
from the beginning it wasnt bout the ends it was bout.
bustin raps and standin for somethin fuck an acronym.
cut the fuckin act like youre happy Im fuckin back again.
with another anthem  why stop when it doesnt have to end.
it aint over til I say its over enough when I say enough.
throw me to them wolves and close the gate up Im afraid of Whatll happen to them wolves when the thought of being thrown.
into an alligator pit I salivate at it wait is up.
hands up like its 12 noon nah homie hold them bitches straighter up.
wave em til you dislocate a rotator cuff.
came up rough came to ruffle feathers nah egos I aint deflate enough.
last chance to make this whole stadium erupt cause.
this is survival of the fittest.
this is do or die.
this is the winner takes it all.
so take it all aall aall aall.
i can see the finish line with each line that I finish.
im so close to my goals I can almost pole vault over the goal post.
and if I dont got enough in the tank maybe I can just siphon enough.
to fill up this last can man will I survive in this climate or what.
they said I was washedup and got a bloodbath.
im not a rapper Im an adapter I can adjust.
plus I can just walk up to a mic and just bust.
so floors open if youd like to discuss.
top 5 in this muhfucka and if I dont make the cut.
what Like I give a fuck Ima light this bitch up like Im driving a truck.
through the side of a pump zero to sixty hop in and gun it.
like GUnit without the hyphen Im hyping em up.
and if there should ever come a time where my lifes in a rut.
and I look like I might just give up eh mightve mistook.
me for bowin out I aint takin a bow Im stabbin myself.
with a fuckin knife in the gut while Im wipin my butt.
cause I just shitted on the mic and I like gettin cut.
i get excited at the sight of my blood youre in a fight with a nut.
cause Ima fight til I die or win bitin the dust.
itll just make me angrier wait let me remind you of what.
got me this far picture me quittin.
now draw a circle around it and put a line through it slut.
its survival of what.
this is survival of the fittest.
this is do or die.
this is the winner takes it all.
so take it all aall aall aall.
so take it all aall aall aall.
but dont come unless you come to battle now mount up jump in the saddle.
this is itits what you eat sleep piss and shit.
live breathe your whole existence just consists of this.
refuse to quit fuse is lit cant defuse the wick.
i dont do this music shit Ill lose my shit.
aint got shit to lose its the moment of truth its all I know how to do.
as soon as I get thrown in a booth I spit.
but my respect is overdue Im showin you the flow no one do.
cause I dont own no diploma for school I quit.
so theres nothin for me to fall back on I know no other trade.
so you better trade your fuckin mics in for some toolboxes.
cause youll never take my pride from me itll have to be pried from me.
so pull out your pliers and your screwdrivers.
but I want you to doubt me I dont want you to buhlieve.
cause this is somethin that I must use to succeed.
and if you dont like me then fuck you Selfesteem.
must be fuckin shootin through the roof cause trust me.
my skin is too thick and bulletproof to touch me.
i can see why the fuck I disgust you I must be.
allergic to failure cause everytime I come close to it.
i just sneeze but I just go achoo then achieve.
this is survival of the fittest.
this is do or die.
this is the winner takes it all.
so take it all aall aall aall.
so take it all aall aall.

the Way I Am.
man whatever.

dre just let it run.
ayo turn the beat up a little bit.
ayo.
this song is for anyone.
fuck it just shut up and listen.
ayo.
i sit back with this pack of ZigZags and this bag.
of this weed it gives me the shit needed to be.
the most meanest MC on this on this Earth.
and since birth Ive been cursed with this curse to just curse.
and just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works.
and it sells and it helps in itself to relieve.
all this tension dispensin these sentences.
gettin this stress thats been eatin me recently off.
but at least have the decency in you.
to leave me alone when you freaks see me out.
in the streets when Im eatin or feedin my daughter.
and no I dont owe you a motherfuckin thing.
im not Mr NSYNC Im not what your friends think.
im not Mr Friendly I can be a prick.
no patience is in me and if you offend me.
i dont care who was there and who saw me just jaw you.
go call you a lawyer file you a lawsuit.
ill smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe.
but thats all I can be its just me.
and I am whatever you say I am.
if I wasnt then why would I say I am.
in the paper the news every day I am.
ha radio wont even play my jam.
cause I am whatever you say I am.
if I wasnt then why would I say I am.
in the paper the news every day I am.
ha I dont know thats just the way I am.

sometimes I just feel like my father I hate to be bothered.
with all of this nonsense its constant.
and Oh its his lyrical content.
the song Guilty Conscience has gotten such rotten responses.
and all of this controversy circles me.
and it seems like the media immediately.
so I point one back at em but not the index or pinkie.
or the ring or the thumb its the one you put up.
when you dont give a fuck when you wont just put up.
with the bullshit they pull cause they full of shit too.
when a dudes gettin bullied and shoots up his school.
middle America now its a tragedy.
now its so sad to see an upperclass city.
cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire to burn.
and its burnin and I have returned.
and I am whatever you say I am.
if I wasnt then why would I say I am.
in the paper the news every day I am.
radio wont even play my jam.
cause I am whatever you say I am.
if I wasnt then why would I say I am.
in the paper the news every day I am.
ha I dont know thats just the way I am.

im so sick and tired of bein admired.
that I wish that I would just die or get fired.
and dropped from my label lets stop with the fables.
im not gonna be able to top a My Name Is.
and pigeonholed into some poppy sensation.
to cop me rotation at rock n roll stations.
to deal with these cocky Caucasians who think.
im some wigger who just tries to be Black cause I talk.
with an accent and grab on my balls so they always.
what school did I go to what hood I grew up in.
the why the who what when the where and the how.
til Im grabbin my hair and Im tearin it out.
im racin Im pacin I stand and I sit.
and Im thankful for every fan that I get.
but I cant take a shit in the bathroom without.
you can call me an asshole Im glad.
cause I am whatever you say I am.
if I wasnt then why would I say I am.
in the paper the news every day I am.
radio wont even play my jam.
cause I am whatever you say I am.
if I wasnt then why would I say I am.
in the paper the news every day I am.
ha I dont know thats just the way I am.

greatest.
on the beat who ever did it.
mike WiLL the one who made it.
its Shady on the lyrics.

im somewhat outlandish they say.
you say were cut from the same cloth.
but I guess you fabricate eh.
you better bring more men than the Latter Day Saints.
manic states Stephen Paddock with automatic stay sprayin.
at anything that may stand in they way.
as I stand at the bay window with a hand grenade.
and a trey eight at the Mandalay Bay.
common sense Im a dollar short and a day late.
james Holmes at the Saturday Batman matinee.
i just threw a Tampax at Dre.
trashcan Tascam and ashtray.
im turnin back to a madman cant take.
anymore but I try to get away from the anger and rage.
my basal ganglias an A to the K.
get your ass sprayed like bidets.
breakin your legs eight different ways ankle to waist.
you chumps dont even know how to do somethin.
to give goosebumps a day when you say.
that somethin you wrote gave someone a lump in their throat.
feel like Im headed for the padded cell the.
bar for me when I rap isnt fair but.
guess thats the standard Im held to.
but if somethin like that doesnt tell ya.
then you better take it back to The Shelter and Hamburger Helper.
cause damn it Im still the.
no lie I might be.
woke up to honkies sounding like me.
but Im the greatest.

what was I just about to say.
oh yeah let me get this out the way.
i know theres people that are pissed about the way.
i mispronounced a name Die Antwoord.
fuck I still cant say this shit but how quickly they forget.
who the fuck I was now Ninja try to duck my slugs.
you let ya girl get fucked by Muggs.
this cant be real you dissed me and I was just tryin to.
give you a shoutnow get the fuck out my rhyme book.
no more shiners already too much time took.
and rappers I hear you talkin shit.
im just too big to respond to it.
god forbid I forget though and jump out the window.
cause if I lose it we can rewind to some old Ja Rule shit.
and I can remind motherfuckers how I do shit.
i bullshit you not yall fools just forgot.
that Im so fuckin awful with the thoughts.
and when Im hostile and impossible to stop.
so you can call it a nostril cause its not gonna ever.
ill never let up on the pedal might as well get the mop.
cause Im wipin up everyone in this genre.
cause on the mic I feel like Im the.
no lie I might be.
woke up to honkies sounding like me.
but Im the greatest.

is youre one dimension.
im a monkey wrench and I can flunk detention.
and I love contentions so welcome to the gun convention.
and you just stuck the key up in the ignition.
psychopath Michael Jacks blowin up like a raft.
i should slap Vlad with a ISIS flag.
revival didnt go viral.
denaun and Royce tell me that I should take the high road.
fuck that Im finna hit back.
hold the mic similar to pistol squeeze.
and I shoot from the hip when I grip them things.
and my lips are the clips got the Sig lit like its nicotine.
bars are like bullets when I spit them schemes.
float like a butterfly Im gonna sting like a bee.
you aint harmin a thing.
but like a wedding band.
you gotta be diamond to even climb in the ring.
anomaly Im Muhammad Ali.
no lie I might be.
woke up to honkies sounding like me.
but Im the.

like Toy Soldiers.
step by step heart to heart.
left right left we all fall down.

step by step heart to heart.
left right left we all fall down.
like toy soldiers.
bit by bit torn apart.
we never win but the battle wages on.
for toy soldiers.

im supposed to be the soldier who never blows his composure.
even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders.
i aint never supposed to show it.
my crew aint supposed to know it.
even if it means goin toetotoe with a Benzino.
it dont matter I never drag em in battles that I cant handle.
less I absolutely have to Im supposed to set an example.
i need to be the leader my crew looks for me to guide em.
if some shit ever does pop off Im supposed to be beside em.
that Ja shit I tried to squash it it was too late to stop it.
theres a certain line you just dont cross and he crossed it.
i heard him say Hailies name on a song and I just lost it.
it was crazy the shit went way beyond some JAYZ and Nas shit.
and even though the battle was won I feel like we lost it.
i spent so much energy on it honestly Im exhausted.
and Im so caught in it I almost feel Im the one who caused it.
this aint what Im in hiphop for its not why I got in it.
that was never my object for someone to get killed.
why would I wanna destroy somethin I helped build.
it wasnt my intentions my intentions were good.
i went through my whole career without ever mentionin.
and that was just outta respect for not runnin my mouth.
and talkin about somethin that I knew nothin about.
plus Dre told me stay out this just wasnt my beef.
so I did I just fell back watched and gritted my teeth.
while hes all over TV downtalkin the man.
who literally saved my life like fuck it I understand.
this is business and this shit just isnt none of my business.
but still knowin the shit could pop off at any minute cause.
step by step heart to heart.
left right left we all fall down.
like toy soldiers.
bit by bit torn apart.
we never win but the battle wages on.
for toy soldiers.

there used to be a time when you could just say a rhyme and.
wouldnt have to worry about one of your people dyin.
but now its elevated cause once you put someones kids in it.
the shit gets escalatedit aint just words no more is it.
its a different ballgame you call names and you aint just rappin.
we actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happenin.
me and Dre had sat with him kicked it and had a chat with him.
and asked him not to start it he wasnt gonna go after him.
until Ja started yappin in magazines how he stabbed him.
fuck it 50 smash him Mash on him let him have it.
meanwhile my attentions pulled in another direction.
some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk.
has an erection for me and thinks that Ill be his resurrection.
tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record.
but now hes fucked the game up cause one of the ways I came up.
was through that publication the same one that made me famous.
now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothin.
well fuck it that motherfucker could get it too fuck him then.
but Im so busy bein pissed off I dont stop to think.
that weve just inherited 50s beef with Murder Inc.
and hes inherited mine which is fine aint like either of us mind.
we still have soldiers thats on the front line.
whos willin to die for us as soon as we give the orders.
never to extort us strictly to show they support us.
and maybe shout em out in a rap or up in a chorus.
to show em we love em back and let em know how important.
it is to have Runyon Avenue soldiers up in our corners.
their loyalty to us is worth more than any award is.
but I aint tryna have none of my people hurt or murdered.
it aint worth it I cant think of a perfecter way to word it.
than to just say that I love yall too much to see the verdict.
ill walk away from it all fore I let it go any further.
but dont get it twisted its not a plea that Im coppin.
im just willin to be the bigger man if yall can quit poppin.
off at the jaws well then I can cause frankly Im sick of talkin.
im not gonna let someone elses coffin rest on my conscience.
cause.
step by step heart to heart.
left right left we all fall down.
like toy soldiers.
bit by bit torn apart.
we never win but the battle wages on.
for toy.

sing for the Moment.
these ideas are nightmares to white parents.
whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings.
like whatever they say has no bearing.
its so scary in a house that allows no swearing.
to see him walkin around with his headphones blarin.
alone in his own zone cold and he dont care hes.
a problem child and what bothers him all comes out.
cause he hates him so bad that he blocks him out.
if he ever saw him again hed probably knock him out.
his thoughts are wacked hes mad so hes talkin back.
talkin black brainwashed from rock and rap.
he sags his pants dorags and a stockin cap.
his stepfather hit him so he socked him back.
and broke his nose his house is a broken home.
theres no control he just lets his emotions go.
sing it with me its just for today.
maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away.

entertainment is changin intertwinin with gangsters.
in the land of the killers a sinners mind is a sanctum.
holy or unholy only have one homie.
only this gun lonely cause dont anyone know me.
i guess words are a motherfucker they can be great.
or they can degrade or even worse they can teach hate.
its like these kids hang on every single statement we make.
like they worship us plus all the stores ship us platinum.
now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen.
from standin on corners and porches just rappin.
to havin a fortune no more kissin ass.
fans turn on you attorneys all want a turn at you.
to get they hands on every dime you have.
they want you to lose your mind every time you mad.
so they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon.
any dispute wont hesitate to produce handguns.
thats why these prosecutors wanna convict me.
strictly just to get me off of these streets quickly.
but all they kids be listenin to me religiously.
so Im signin CDs while police fingerprint me.
theyre for the judges daughter but his grudge is against me.
if Im such a fuckin menace this shit doesnt make sense B.
its all political if my music is literal.
and Im a criminal how the fuck can I raise a little girl.
i couldnt I wouldnt be fit to.
sing it with me its just for today.
maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away.

they say music can alter moods and talk to you.
well can it load a gun up for you and cock it too.
well if it can then the next time you assault a dude.
just tell the judge it was my fault and Ill get sued.
see what these kids do is hear about us totin pistols.
and they wanna get one cause they think the shits cool.
not knowin we really just protectin ourselves.
we entertainers of course the shits affectin our sales.
you ignoramus but music is reflection of self.
we just explain it and then we get our checks in the mail.
its fucked up aint it How we can come from practically nothin.
to bein able to have any fuckin thing that we wanted.
thats why we sing for these kids who dont have a thing.
who post pinup pictures on they walls all day long.
idolize they favorite rappers and know all they songs.
or for anyone whos ever been through shit in they lives.
so they sit and they cry at night wishin theyd die.
til they throw on a rap record and they sit and they vibe.
were nothin to you but were the fuckin shit in they eyes.
thats why we seize the moment try to freeze it and own it.
squeeze it and hold it cause we consider these minutes golden.
and maybe theyll admit it when were gone.
just let our spirits live on.
through our lyrics that you hear in our songs so we can.
sing it with me its just for today.
maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away.
sing it with me its just for today.
maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you.

love Game.

its either lust or a cloud of dust.
judgement is clouded must.
but Im in something I dont know how to get out of.
is that my soontobespouses moan.
pause for a minute to make certain thats what I heard.
cause after all this is her place.
so I give her the benefit of the doubt I.
the thoughts scary yo though and it hurtsbrace.
hope it aint Here we go yo.
cause my head already goes to worstcase.
shouldve known when I made it all the way to third base.
and that was only the first date.
but you slid straight for the dome and dove face first.
yeah that aint what they all say.
ill say you can suck a softball through a straw.
used to be my fiancé.
til you sucked on Wayne André and Kanye.
leBron Akon JAY Lil Jon Raekwon Mae.
polow da Don Dre Dante Ross James Conway Kwamé.
guess Im gettin my ggoddang Jigga on eh.
but fuck it Im movin on you women are all cray.
but Ill probably always keep on playin the.
game of love love love love.
laLaLaLaLa love.

she doesnt love me no she dont love me no more.
she hates my company guess she dont love me no more.
i tried to get her up out of my head left my bags at the door.
she screamed she loved me like she never did before.

and I told her Go where you wanna.
go do whatcha wanna do I dont care.
and I told her Go where you wanna.
go do whatcha wanna do I dont care.

i told that bitch Im a sucker for love you a sucker for dick.
suckin dick in your mama tub then your granny walked in.
told the stupid nigga to duck under the water.
he drowned like an abortion.
they booked you for manslaughter.
you beat the case and I called ya.
sherane is not available now leave a message at the tone.
and Kendrick dont forget to buy two pair of those.
expensive heels you little fuckin Ferris wheel.
fuckin spinnin on mefuck you think we gon get married still.
fuckin Mary had a little lamb this aint no fairy tale.
fairy godmama better tell you how I fuckin feel.
like you should fuckin beat it.
or fuckin eat it while Im on my period.
bitch you serious.
im in the mirror with this look on my face curious.
why you aint fuckin with me You cut me deep as Caesarean.
you know I want you bad as a Benjamin Im delirious.
i want you bad as the head shattered on George Zimmerman.
after the Dillinger hit him diligently and killin him.
his mouthpiece for a Cadillac emblem.
thats analogy and metaphor for you.
i should win a medal for all the ways I adore you.
this is me talkin cordial yeah I got some home training.
that aint what you like aint it.
what about if I was as famous as Marshall.
would you give fellatio in the carpool.
cops pull us over they just wanna know if you gargle.
singin I hope shes good enough.
meanwhile youre chasin her.
chlamydia couldnt even get rid of her.
pity the fool and pity the fool in me Ima live with her.
game of love love love love.
laLaLaLaLa love.

she doesnt love me no she dont love me no more.
she hates my company guess she dont love me no more.
i tried to get her up out of my head left my bags at the door.
she screamed she loved me like she never did before.

and I told her Go where you wanna.
go do whatcha wanna do I dont care.
and I told her Go where you wanna.
go do whatcha wanna do I dont care.

so needless to say Im feelin betrayed.
snatch my house key off her key chain.
she jumps off WeeBey from The Wires dick.
now shes chasin me with a cheese grater.
here goes that broken record cliché.
its all my fault anyway shes turnin the tables Im a beatbreak.
she treats my face like Serato she cuts and scratches like a DJ.
each day is an Instant Replay.
they say what we display is symptomatic of addict behaviour.
back together but forgot today was her Bday.
she cut me off on the freeway.
simple misunderstanding but just as I went to slam on the brakes.
thats when I realized that she may be crazy as me wait.
bitch cut my fuckin brakeline.
stepped on them fuckers eight times.
still goin seventythree thank God theres an exit comin up.
what the motherFUCKs wrong with her.
hit the off ramp til I coasted to a goshdamn halt.
hit a fuckin tree now here she comes at full speed.
shes racin at me okay you wanna fuck with me eh.
snatch that bitch out her car through the window.
she screamin I body slam her on the cement.
until the concrete gave and created a sinkhole.
buried the stink ho in it then paid to have the street repaved.
in a cold sweat like I got hit with a freeze ray during a heat wave.
guess I eventually caved though cause shes layin next to me in beddirectly aimin a gat at my head.
woke up again and jumped up.
like Fuck it Ive had it Im checkin into rehab.
i confess Im a static addict I guess thats why Im so clingy.
every girl Ive ever had either says I got too much baggage.
or Im too fuckin dramatic.
man what the fuck is the matter Im just a fuckin romantic.
i fuckin love you you fuckin bitch.
combative possessive in fact last time I was mad at an ex.
i actually set off a chain reaction of tragic events.
i said Hit the road then after she left.
i sent that bitch a text that said Be careful driving.
dont read this and have an accident.
too bad thought we had a connect.
no sense dwelling makes never been a more compelling case.
than the model covered in LOréal and mace.
who fell from grace eleven stories for storytellin.
while the whore was yellin Rape.
til her vocal cords were swellin.
and her voice were more hoarser than Tori Spellings face.
still they swarm the gates of my fancy estates.
to greet Norman Bates with a warm embrace.
less youre Andrea Yates dont ask me for a date though.
dont be late well the sentiments great.
but wait think theres been a mistake.
you wanted an intimate date I wanna intimidate.
i have infinite hate in my blood.
wait dinner at eight I have infinite hate in my blood.
its mainly cause of the.
game of love love love love.
laLaLaLaLa.

space Bound.
we touch I feel a rush.
we clutch it isnt much.
but its enough to make me wonder whats in store for us.
its lust its torturous.
you must be a sorceress.
cause you just did the impossible gained my trust.
dont play games itll be dangerous if you fuck me over.
cause if I get burnt Ima show you what its like to hurt.
cause I been treated like dirt before ya.
and love is evil spell it backwards Ill show ya.
nobody knows me Im cold.
walk down this road all alone.
its no ones fault but my own.
its the path Ive chosen to go.
frozen as snow I show no emotion whatsoever so.
dont ask me why I have no love for these motherfuckin hoes.
bloodsuckin succubuses what the fuck is up with this.
ive tried in this department but I aint had no luck with this.
it sucks but its exactly what I thought it would be like tryin to start over.
i got a hole in my heart but some kind of emotional roller coaster.
somethin I wont go on so you toy with my emotions so its over.
its like an explosion every time I hold ya.
wasnt jokin when I told you you take my breath away.
youre a supernova and Im a.
im a spacebound rocket ship and your hearts the Moon.
and Im aimin right at you right at you.
twohundredfiftythousand miles on a clear night in June.
and Im aimin right at you right at you.
right at you.

ill do whatever it takes.
when Im with you I get the shakes.
my body aches when I aint with you I have zero strength.
theres no limit on how far I would go no boundaries no lengths.
why do we say that until we get that person that we thinks gonna be that one.
and then once we get em its never the same.
you want em when they dont want you.
soon as they do feelings change.
its not a contest and I aint on no conquest for no mate.
i wasnt lookin when I stumbled onto you musta been fate.
but so much is at stake what the fuck does it take.
lets cut to the chase fore the door shuts in your face.
promise me if I cave in and break and leave myself open.
that I wont be makin a mistake cause Im a.

im a spacebound rocket ship and your hearts the Moon.
and Im aimin right at you right at you.
twohundredfiftythousand miles on a clear night in June.
and Im aimin right at you right at you.
right at you.
so after a year and six months its no longer me that you want.
but I love you so much it hurts never mistreated you once.
i poured my heart out to you let down my guard swear to God.
ill blow my brains in your lap lay here and die in your arms.
drop to my knees and Im pleadin Im tryna stop you from leavin.
you wont even listen so fuck it Im tryna stop you from breathin.
i put both hands on your throat I sit on top of you squeezin.
til I snap your neck like a Popsicle stick aint no possible reason.
i can think of to let you walk up out this house and let you live.
tears stream down both of my cheeks now I let you go and just give.
and fore I put that gun to my temple I told you this.

and I woulda done anything for you.
to show you how much I adored you.
but its over now its too late to save our love.
just promise me youll think of me.
every time you look up in the sky and see a star cause Im a.

im a spacebound rocket ship and your hearts the Moon.
and Im aimin right at you right at you.
twohundredfiftythousand miles on a clear night in June.
and Im so lost without you without you.
without.

unaccommodating.
oh this what we doin Alright.
mA.

i like a bitch that like to wobble wobble.
shake it shake it break it break it uh.
nigga we made it made it they hate it hate it.
pro professional pure persistent Im paper chasing.
i hate complaining I hated waiting Ill pay for patience.
money aint a thing that aint a thing for real.
pinocchio and my pistol they got the same nose.
case closed bodies in my lane bitch lane closed.
game over Thanos on you HOs.
beat knocks like a beefed up Detox.
youre gonna need three squads of police officers at least to come pull me off of it and I dont stop.
please dawg I need yall to keep talking shit cause I feed off of it.
i am the complete opposite of these retards who spit these weak bars Ima leave carnage.
each thoughtll be so toxic itll block the wind through your esophagus.
stop it cutting off your oxygen.
and I hit them pads like a boxing gym.
better watch for Slim better get to popping and when Im at the top again.
i wont topple Im giving it to anyone who wanna come and get it and Im not gonna stop.
but when they ask me is the war finished with MGK Of course it is.
i cleansed him of his mortal sins Im God and the Lord forgives even the devil worshippers.
im moving on but you know your scruples are gone when youre born with Lucifers horns.
and youre from the school of Notorious Puba Cube and The Poor Righteous Teachers tutored my students.
showed them all the blueprint and formula.
but it seems like the more they studied my music the more they remind me of eyeballs.
but Im contemplating yelling Bombs away on the game.
like Im outside of an Ariana Grande concert waiting.

they call me Saddam Hussein Ayatollah Khomeini.
wheres Osama been I been laden lately.
look at how Im behaving they want me gone away.
but he never put no scrubs on from Snoop K Dot to Shady.
shady like a shadow or your silhouette intellect I better check to see why you feel upset.
cause I met your bitch on the internet now Im getting head like a Pillow Pet.
that bimbo can put her lips all the way around this bone and then blow.
like a dusty cartridge from an old Nintendo.
those were the days but I bet you Im never gonna be broke again no.
i dont smoke but I got paper to be blunt Im rolling Indo.
and I keep it one comma zero zero zero zero.
real real real murder murder murder kill kill kill.
nickelplated twenty two two two.
bitch shut the fuck up fore I shoot you too.
aint shit I wont do just to get a few YouTube views.
run up in a church like pew pew pew.
cause thats what I do do do.
but even to the untrained human eye.
we aint the same you and I.
somebody should have explained to you why.
thats why they call me Kamikaze its plain suicide yeah.
but I know magic and here go my last trick.
im bout to say Abracadabra and pull a B Rabbit up out of my hat.
im about to relapse and I betcha that you wont know how to react.
but a look of disgust I dont doubt itd be that.
as I begin to fuckin devour the track.
and you backpedal that is a cowardly act.
like a Saudi attack when the towers collapsed.
they call me Saddam Hussein Ayatollah Khomeini.
wheres Osama been I been laden lately.
look at how Im behaving they want me gone away.

legacy.
tell me where to go.
tell me what to do.
ill be right there for you.
tell me what to say.
no matter if its true.
ill say it all for you.
i used to be the type of kid.
that would always think the sky is fallin.
why am I so differently wired Am I a martian.
what kind of twisted experiment am I involved in.
cause I dont belong in this world.
thats why Im scoffin at authority defiant often.
flyin off at the handle at my mom.
no dad so I am noncompliant at home.
at school Im just shy and awkward.
and I dont need no goddamn psychologist.
tryna diagnose why I have all these underlyin problems.
thinkin he can try and solve em.
im outside chalkin up drawings.
on the sidewalk and in the front drive talkin.
to myself either that or inside hidin off in.
the corner somewhere quiet tryin not to.
be noticed cause Im cryin and sobbin.
i had a bad day at school so I aint talkin.
some cocksucker shoved me into a fuckin locker.
cause he said that I eyeballed him.
and if you fall Ill get you there.
that are fought inside your world.
please have faith in my words.
cause this is my legacy legacy yeah.
this is my legacy legacy yeah.
theres no guarantee.
its not up to me we can only see.
this is my legacy legacy legacy legacy.

i used to be the type of kid that would always think the skys fallin.
why am I so differently wired in my noggin.
cause sporadic as my thoughts come its mindbogglin.
cause I obsess on everything in my mind small shit.
bothers me but not my father he said sayonara.
then split but I dont give a shit.
im fine long as theres batteries in my Walkman.
nothing is the matter with me.
shit look on the bright side at least I aint walkin.
i bike ride through the neighborhood of my apartment.
complex on a tenspeed which Ive acquired parts that.
i find in the garbage a frame then put tires on it.
headphones on look straight ahead if kids try and start shit.
but if this is all there is for me life offers.
why bother even tryin to put up a fight Its nonsense.
but I think a light bulb just lit up in my conscience.
what about them rhymes Ive been jottin.
they are kind of giving me confidence.
instead of tryin to escape through my comics.
why dont I just blast a little something like Onyx.
to put me in the mood to wanna fight and write songs that.
say what I wanna say to the kid that said that I eyeballed him.
grab hold of my balls like Thats right fights on bitch.
who woulda knew from the moment I turned the mic on that.
i could be iconic in my conquest.
thats word to Phife Dawg from A Tribe Called Quest.
this is my legacy legacy yeah.
this is my legacy legacy yeah.
theres no guarantee.
its not up to me we can only see.
this is my legacy legacy legacy legacy.
i used to be the type of kid that would always think the skys fallin.
now I think the fact that Im differently wireds awesome.
cause if I wasnt I wouldnt be able to work words like this.
and connect lines like crosswords.
and use my enemys words as strength.
to try and draw from and get inspired off em.
cause all my life I was told and taught I am not shit.
by you wack fuckin giant sacks of lyin dog shit.
now you shut up bitch I am talkin.
thought I was full of horseshit.
and now you fuckin worship the ground on which I am walkin.
me against the world so what Im Brian Dawkins.
versus the whole 016 Lions offense.
so bring on the Giants Falcons and Miami Dolphins.
its the body bag game bitch Im supplyin coffins.
cause you dicks butt kiss bunch of Brian Baldingers.
youre gon die a balllicker Ive been diabolical.
with this dialogue since 99 Rawkus.
you dont respect the legacy I leave behind yall can.
suck a dick the day you beat me pigsll fly out my ass.
in a flyin saucer full of Italian sausage.
the most high exaltin and I aint haltin.
til I die of exhaustion inhale my exhaust fumes.
the best part about me is I am not you.
im me and Im the Fire Marshall and this is my.
this is my legacy legacy yeah.
this is my legacy legacy yeah.
theres no guarantee.
its not up to me we can only see.
this is my legacy legacy legacy.

gnat.
yeah yeah sick.

like trying to fight off a gnat.
still stackin my chips hoes.
higher than Shaq on his tiptoes.
atop the Empire State Buildin.
this shit is like childs play childrеn.
i will anninihilate kill them.
ill fuck around and pile еight million.
dead little juveniles wait chill then.
i mean my penmanship at times tends to get ill violence but with skill.
so you know which side that Im on.
if a battle lines ever drawn but if I get involved.
itll be like K9s in a brawl.
but not similar to Mike Vick at all.
cause even if I dont have a dog in the fight.
got stripes like a tiger so you might get mauled a mic in the palms.
like claws I can swing right for your jaw.
and rip it off with one swipe of the paw.
im sick and Im not gonna cover my mouth next time that I cough cause.

its like pneumonia symptoms and contracting COVID instantly.
which is what separates my flow from theirs.
so that no one gets even close to this to pose a risk to me.
flow going viral you best stay strapped.
get that PineSol and that Ajax.
cause this dry cough is just like football umpires callin a playback.
nother fourteenday quarantine theyre cordoning off everything.
cause them stayathome orders seem.
like they just keep getting more extreme.
still got that heroin lyrical drip with that morphine and that Thorazine.
for some semblance of normalcy.
the Dark Horse Im a knightmare.
2020 hindsight in my side mirror.
every year you drop the ball like Times Square.
my hair trigger whenever I get an ideas.
like fuck now my name rings out like a sponge mop.
and my drip was a drop.
in the bucket so that gun shot.
you just heard just now in that one spot.
just came from the nine mil that I just got.
thats big bucks and I got a full money clip and Im loaded.
i aint even mean to go the fuck off.
and Im still totally inappropriate with an opiate.
groping it while Im holding it like a trophy.
im hoping a little codeinell get me ODin.
woah everything is slow I begin to floating.
i know that Im getting loaded the pen exploded.
hiroshima with the flows a utopia.
with the dope Im an OG Im like the GOAT.
when Im at the podium at your throat holy camoly.
im in the zone with the shit Im on.
get Imodium and a commode because nobodys even close.
youre petroleum to plutonium youre a phony.
im at the crib with your ho.
got her at the pole like voting with no clothing.
stripped down to a toe ring and here we go with the gloating.
ive got my nose in the air like a Boeing.
then I got into a little bit of an argument with her.
so I took a little lick of a Klonopin at dinner.
then I hit her with the motherfucking ottoman and bit her.
but Im probably gon jump in the water with her.
with a wad of money cause I got a lot of it.
and when it come to drippin I be soppin like a hundred mile an hour.
never runnin out of either one of em I gotta get it cause.

marshall Mathers.
you know I just dont get it.
last year I was nobody.
this year Im selling records.
now everybody wants to come around.
like I owe em somethin.
the fuck you want from me.
tenmillion dollars.
get the fuck outta here.
you see Im just Marshall.
im just a regular guy I dont know why all the.
nobody ever gave a fuck before all they did.
now everybody wanna run they mouth and try to.

yo.
you might see me joggin you might see me walkin.
you might see me walkin a dead Rottweiler dog.
with its head chopped off in the park with a spiked collar.
or leanin out a window with a cocked shotgun.
drivin up the block in the car that they shot Pac in.
lookin for Bigs killers dressin ridiculous.
blue and red like I dont see what the big deal is.
double barrel 12gauge bigger than Chris Wallace.
pissed off cause Biggie and Pac just missed all this.
watchin all these cheap imitations get rich off em.
and get dollars that shoulda been theirs like they switched wallets.
and amidst all this Crist poppin and wristwatches.
i just sit back and just watch and just get nauseous.
and walk around with an empty bottle of Remy Martin.
an antiBackstreet and Ricky Martin.
whose instincts to kill NSYNC dont get me started.
these fuckin brats cant sing and Britneys garbage.
whats this bitch retarded Give me back my sixteen dollars.
all I see is sissies in magazines smilin.
whatever happened to wilin out and bein violent.
whatever happened to catchin a good oldfashioned passionate asswhoopin.
and gettin your shoes coat and your hat tooken.
new Kids on the Block suck a lot of dick.
boy girl groups make me sick.
and I cant wait til I catch all you faggots in public.

a bunch of little kids wanna swear just like me.
i think I was put here to annoy the world.
and destroy your little fouryearold boy or girl.
plus I was put here to put fear in faggots who spray Faygo Root Beer.
faggy 2 Dope and Silent Gay.
and I dont wrestle Ill knock you fuckin faggots the fuck out.
aks em about the club they was at when they snuck out.
ducked down and got paintballs shot at they truck  blaow.
look at yall runnin your mouth again.
when you aint seen a fuckin mile road south of 10.
and I dont need help from D12 to beat up two females.
in makeup who may try to scratch me with Lee Nails.
slim Anus You damn right slim anus.
i dont get fucked in mine like you two little flamin faggots.
cause Im just Marshall.
im not a wrestler guy Ill knock you out.
come and see me on the streets alone if you assholes.
and if you wanna run your mouth then come take your best shot.

is it because you love me that yall expect so much of me.
you little groupie bitch get off me go fuck Puffy.
now because of this blonde mop thats on top.
of this fucked up head that Ive got Ive gone pop.
the underground just spunned around and did a threesixty.
now these kids diss me and act like some big sissies.
oh he just did some shit with Missy.
so now he thinks hes too big to do some shit with MC GetBizzy.
my fuckin bitch moms suin for tenmillion.
she must want a dollar for every pill Ive been stealin.
shit where the fuck you think I picked up the habit.
all I had to do was go in her room and lift up her mattress.
which is it bitch Mrs Briggs or Ms Mathers.
it doesnt matter      faggot.
talkin about I fabricated my past.
so tell me what the hell is a fella to do.
for every million I make another relative sues.
family fightin and fussin over who wants to invite me to supper.
a halfbrother and sister who never seen me.
or even bothered to call me until they saw me on TV.
now everybodys so happy and proud.
and then to top it off I walked to the newsstand.
to buy this cheapass little magazine with a food stamp.
skipped to the last page flipped right fast.
and what do I see A picture of my big white ass.
okay let me give you motherfuckers some help uh here.
xXL XXL.
now your magazine shouldnt have so much trouble to sell.
aw fuck it Ill even buy a couple myself.
cause Im just Marshall.
im just a regular guy I dont know why all the.
nobody ever gave a fuck before all they did.
now everybody wanna run they mouth and try to.
because Im just Marshall.
im just a regular guy I dont know why all the.
nobody ever gave a fuck before all they did.
now everybody wanna run they mouth and try to.

guts Over Fear.
feels like a close its coming to.
fuck am I gonna do.
its too late to start over.
this is the only thing I thing I know.

sometimes I feel like all I ever do is.
find different ways to word the same old song.
ever since I came along.
from the day the song called Hi My Name Is dropped.
started thinking my name was Fault.
cause any time things went wrong.
i was the one who they would blame it on.
the media made me the equivalent.
of a modernday Genghis Khan.
tried to argue it was only entertainment dawg.
gangster Nah courageous balls.
had to change my style they said Im way too soft.
and I sound like AZ and Nas out came the claws.
and the fangs been out since then.
but up until the instant that I went against it.
it was ingrained in me.
that I wouldnt amount to a shit stain I thought.
no wonder I had to unlearn everything my brain was taught.
do I really belong in this game I pondered.
i just wanna play my part.
should I make waves or not.
so back and forth in my brain the tug of war wages on.
and I dont wanna seem ungrateful.
or disrespect the art form I was raised upon.
but sometimes you gotta take a loss.
and have people rub it in your face.
before you get made pissed off.
and keep plugging its your only outlet.
and your only outfit so you know they gonna talk about it.
better find a way to counter it quick and make it ah.
feel like Ive already said this a kabillion 80 times.
how many times can I say the same thing.
different ways that rhyme.
what I really wanna say is if theres anyone else that can relate to my story bet you feel the same way I felt.
when I was in the same place you are when I was afraid to.
i was a afraid to make a single sound.
afraid I would never find a way out out out.
and trip wires fill this house with tiptoed love.
run out of excuses for everyone.

for all the times I let you push me round.
guts over fear guts over fear.

feels like a close its coming to.
fuck am I gonna do.
its too late to start over.
this is the only thing I thing I know.

i know what it was like I was there once.
single parents hate your appearance.
as you struggle to find your place in this world.
and the pain spawns all the anger on.
but it wasnt til I put the pain in song.
learned who to aim it on that I made a spark.
started to spit harder shit.
learned how to harness it while the reins were off.
and there was a lot of bizarre shit but the crazy part.
was soon as I stopped saying I gave a fuck.
haters started to appreciate my art.
and it just breaks my heart to look at all the pain I caused.
but what am I gonna do when the rage is gone.
and the lights go out in that trailer park Oh.
and the window is closing and theres nowhere else that I can go with flows and Im frozen.
cause theres no more emotion for me to pull from.
just a bunch of playful songs that I make for fun.
so to the break of dawn here I go recycling the same old song.
but Id rather make Not Afraid 2.
than make another motherfucking We Made You ah.
now I dont wanna seem indulgent.
when I discuss my lows and my highs.
my demise and my uprise pray to God.
i just open enough eyes later on.
and gave you the supplies and the tools.
to hopefully use thatll make you strong.
enough to lift yourself up when you feel like I felt.
cause I cant explain to yall how dang exhausted my legs felt.
just having to balance my dang self.
when on eggshells I was made to walk.
but thank you Ma cause that gave me the.
strength to cause Shadymania so when they empty that stadium.
least I made it out of that house.
and found a place in this world when the day was done.
so this is for every kid who alls they ever did.
was dreamt of one day just getting accepted.
i represent him or her anyone similar.
you are the reason that I made this song.
and everything youre scared to say.
dont be afraid to say no more.
from this day forward just let them aholes talk.
take it with a grain of saltand eat their fucking faces off.
the legend of the angry blonde.
lives on through you when Im gone and to think I was a.
i was a afraid to make a single sound.
afraid I would never find a way out out out.
and trip wires fill this house with tiptoed love.
run out of excuses for everyone.

for all the times I let you push me round.
guts over fear guts over.

kim.
aw look at daddys baby girl.
thats daddys baby little sleepy head.
yesterday I changed your diaper.
wiped you and powdered you.
how did you get so big.
cant believe it now youre two.
baby youre so precious daddys so proud of you.
dont make me wake this baby.
she dont need to see what Im bout to do.
quit crying bitch Why do you always make me shout at you.
how could you just leave me and love him out the blue.
oh whats the matter Kim Am I too loud for you.
too bad bitch Youre gonna finally hear me out this time.
at first Im like Aight you wanna throw me out Thats fine.
but not for him to take my place are you out your mind.
this couch this TV this whole house is mine.
how could you let him sleep in our bed Look it Kim.
he aint so hot now is he.
little punk.
well be right back well I will youll be in the trunk.
so long bitch you did me so wrong.
i dont wanna go on.
living in this world without you.
so long bitch you did me so wrong.
i dont wanna go on.
living in this world without you.

you really fucked me Kim you really did a number on me.
never knew me cheating on you would come back to haunt me.
but we was kids then Kim I was only eighteen.
that was years ago I thought we wiped the slate clean.
laying dead with a slit throat in your living room.
haha What you think Im kiddin you.
bullshit you bitch Dont fucking lie to me.
what the fucks this guys problem on the side of me.
fuck you asshole Yeah bite me.
kim Kim Why dont you like me.
i hate you I hate you I swear to God I hate you.
oh my God I love you How the fuck could you do this to me.
so long bitch you did me so wrong.
i dont wanna go on.
living in this world without you.
so long bitch you did me so wrong.
i dont wanna go on.
living in this world without you.

fuck you.
you did this to us You did it Its your fault.
oh my God Im crackin up Get a grip Marshall.
hey remember the time we went to Brians party.
and you were like so drunk that you threw up all over Archie.
see it all makes sense doesnt it.
you and your husband have a fight one of you tries to grab a knife.
and while this is going on his son just woke up.
and he walks in she panics and he gets his throat cut.
and you slash your own throat.
so now its double homicide and suicide with no note.
i shoulda known better when you started to act weird.
we coulda hey where you going Get back here.
you cant run from me Kim Its just us nobody else.
youre only making this harder on yourself.
haha gotcha Go ahead yell.
here Ill scream with you Ah Somebody help.
dont you get it bitch No one can hear you.
now shut the fuck up and get whats comin to you.
you were supposed to love me.
now bleed bitch bleed Bleed bitch bleed Bleed.
so long bitch you did me so wrong.
i dont wanna go on.
living in this world without you.
so long bitch you did me so wrong.
i dont wanna go on.
living in this world without you.
crickets traffic and trunk.

criminal.
a lot of people ask me stupid fuckin questions.
a lot of people think that what I say on a record.
or what I talk about on a record.
that I actually do in real life or that I believe in it.
or if I say that I wanna kill somebody.
that Im actually gonna do it or that I believe in it.
well shit if you believe that then Ill kill you.
you know why Cause Im a criminal.
criminal Youre goddamn right.
im a criminal Yeah Im a criminal.
my words are like a dagger with a jagged edge.
thatll stab you in the head whether youre a fag or lez.
or a homosex hermaph or a transavest.
pants or dress hate fags The answers yes.
homophobic Nah youre just heterophobic.
thats my motherfuckin balls youd better let go of em.
they belong in my scrotum youll never get hold of em.
hey its me Versace Whoops somebody shot me.
and I was just checkin the mail get it Checkin the male.
how many records you expectin to sell.
after your second LP sends you directly to jail.
come on relax guy I like gay men.
please Lord this boy needs Jesus.
heal this child help us destroy these demons.
oh and please send me a brand new car.
and a prostitute while my wifes sick in the hospital.
preacher preacher Fifth grade teacher.
you cant reach me my mom cant neither.
you cant teach me a goddamn thing cause.
i watch TV and Comcast cable.
and you aint able to stop these thoughts.
you cant stop me from toppin these charts.
and you cant stop me from droppin each March.
and to think its just little ol me.
mr DontGiveaFuck still wont leave.
im a criminal.
cause every time I write a rhyme these people think its a crime.
to tell em whats on my mind I guess Im a criminal.
i dont gotta say a word I just flip em the bird.
and keep goin I dont take shit from no one.
im a criminal.
cause every time I write a rhyme these people think its a crime.
to tell em whats on my mind I guess Im a criminal.
i dont gotta say a word I just flip em the bird.
and keep goin I dont take shit from no one.

the mother did drugs hard liquor cigarettes and speed.
the baby came out disfigured ligaments indeed.
it was a seed who would grow up just as crazy as she.
dont dare make fun of that baby cause that baby was me.
im a criminal an animal caged who turned crazed.
but how the fuck you supposed to grow up when you werent raised.
so as I got older and I got a lot taller.
my dick shrunk smaller but my balls got larger.
i drank more liquor to fuck you up quicker.
than youd wanna fuck me up for sayin the word.
my morals went thhbbpp when the president got oral.
sex in his Oval Office on top of his desk off of his own employee.
now dont ignore me you wont avoid me.
you cant miss me Im white blondehaired and my nose is pointy.
im the bad guy who makes fun of people that die.
in plane crashes and laughs as long as it aint happenin to him.
slim Shady Im as crazy as Em.
in place of the Doctor cause Dre couldnt make it today.
oh thats Dre with an AK to his face.
dont make me kill him too and spray his brains all over the place.
i told you Dre you shouldve kept that thang put away.
i guess thatll teach you not to let me play with it eh.
im a criminal.
mELMAN Aight look.
eMINEM Uhhuh.
mELMAN Just go up in that motherfucker get the motherfuckin money and get the fuck up outta there.
eMINEM Aight.
mELMAN Ill be right here waitin on you.
eMINEM Aight.
mELMAN Yo Em.
eMINEM What.
mELMAN Dont kill nobody this time.
eMINEM Awwright goddamn this motherfucker gets on my fuckin nerves.
tELLER Hi how can I help you.
eMINEM Yeah I need to make a withdrawal.
tELLER Okay.
eMINEM Put the fuckin money in the bag bitch and I wont kill you.
tELLER What Oh my God dont kill me.
eMINEM Im not gonna kill you bitch quit lookin around.
tELLER Dont kill me Ive got two kids at home dont kill me.
eMINEM I said Im not gonna fuckin kill you.
tELLER Dont kill me.
so when I rob a bank run out and just dive in it.
so Ill be disguised in it and if anybody identifies.
the guy in it I hide for five minutes.
come back shoot the eyewitness.
fire at the private eye hired to pry in my business.
die bitches bastards brats pets.
this puppys lucky I didnt blast his ass yet.
if I ever gave a fuck Id shave my nuts.
tuck my dick in between my legs and cluck.
you motherfuckin chickens aint brave enough.
to say the stuff I say so just tape it shut.
shit half the shit I say I just make it up.
to make you mad so kiss my white naked ass.
and if its not a rapper that I make it as.
ima be a fuckin rapist in a Jason mask.
im a criminal.
cause every time I write a rhyme these people think its a crime.
to tell em whats on my mind I guess Im a criminal.
i dont gotta say a word I just flip em the bird.
and keep goin I dont take shit from no one.
im a criminal.
cause every time I write a rhyme these people think its a crime.
to tell em whats on my mind I guess Im a criminal.
i dont gotta say a word I just flip em the bird.
and keep goin I dont take shit from no one.

im a criminal.
cause every time I write a rhyme these people think its a crime.
to tell em whats on my mind I guess Im a criminal.
i dont gotta say a word I just flip em the bird.
and keep goin I dont take shit from no one.
im a criminal.
cause every time I write a rhyme these people think its a crime.
to tell em whats on my mind I guess Im a criminal.
i dont gotta say a word I just flip em the bird.
and keep goin I dont take shit from no one.


kill You.
when I was just a little baby boy my momma used to.
tell me these crazy things.
she used to tell me my daddy was an evil man.
she used to tell me he hated me.
but then I got a little bit older and I realized.
she was the crazy one.
but there was nothin I could do or say to try to change it.
cause thats just the way she was.

they said I cant rap about bein broke no more.
slut you think I wont choke no whore.
these motherfuckers are thinkin Im playin.
put your hands down bitchI aint gon shoot you.
shut up slut Youre causin too much chaos.
just bend over and take it like a slutokay Ma.
oh now hes rapin his own mother.
abusin a whore snortin coke and we gave him the Rollin Stone cover.
you goddamn right bitch and now its too late.
im triple platinum and tragedies happened in two states.
i invented violence you vile venomous volatile vicious.
vain Vicodin vrin vrin vrin.
texas Chainsaw left his brains all.
danglin from his neck while his head barely hangs on.
blood guts guns cuts.
knives lives wives nuns sluts.
bitch Ima kill you You dont wanna fuck with me.
girls neither you aint nothin but a slut to me.
bitch Ima kill you You aint got the balls to beef.
we aint gon never stop beefin I dont squash the beef.
you better kill me Ima be another rapper dead.
for poppin off at the mouth with shit I shouldnt have said.
but when they kill me Im bringin the world with me.

you dont wanna fuck with.
cause Shady will fuckin.
i said you dont wanna fuck with.
cause Shady will fuckin.

like a murder weapon Ima conceal you.
in a closet with mildew sheets pillows and film you.
fuck with me I been through Hell shut the hell up.
im tryna develop these pictures of the Devil to sell em.
i aint acid rap but I rap on acid.
got a new blowup doll and just had a strapon added.
whoops Is that a subliminal hint No.
just criminal intent to sodomize women again.
eminem offend No Eminemll insult.
and if you ever give in to him you give him an impulse.
to do it again then if he does it again.
bitch Ima kill you I aint done this aint the chorus.
i aint even drug you in the woods yet to paint the forest.
a bloodstain is orange after you wash it.
three or four times in a tub but thats normal aint it Norman.
serial killer hidin murder material.
in a cereal box on top of your stereo.
here we go again were out of our medicine.
out of our minds and we want in yours let us in.
or Ima kill you You dont wanna fuck with me.
girls neither you aint nothin but a slut to me.
bitch Ima kill you You aint got the balls to beef.
we aint gon never stop beefin I dont squash the beef.
you better kill me Ima be another rapper dead.
for poppin off at the mouth with shit I shouldnt have said.
but when they kill me Im bringin the world with me.

you dont wanna fuck with.
cause Shady will fuckin.
i said you dont wanna fuck with.
cause Shady will fuckin.

know why I say these things.
cause ladies screams keep creepin in Shadys dreams.
and the way things seem I shouldnt have to pay these shrinks.
these 80 Gs a week to say the same things tweece.
twice whatever I hate these things.
fuck shots I hope the weedll outweigh these drinks.
motherfuckers want me to come on their radio shows.
just to argue with em cause their ratings stink.
fuck that Ill choke radio announcer to bouncer.
from fat bitch to all seventy thousand pounds of her.
from principal to the student body and counselor.
from inschool to beforeschool or outta school.
i dont even believe in breathin Im leavin.
air in your lungs just to hear you keep screamin for me to seep it.
okay Im ready to go play I got the machete from O J.
im ready to make everyones throats ache.
you faggots keep eggin me on.
til I have you at knifepoint then you beg me to stop.
shut up Give me your hands and feet I said shut up.
when Im talkin to you You hear me Answer me.
or Ima kill you You dont wanna fuck with me.
girls neither you aint nothin but a slut to me.
bitch Ima kill you You dont got the balls to beef.
we aint gon never stop beefin I dont squash the beef.
you better kill me Ima be another rapper dead.
for poppin off at the mouth with shit I shouldnt have said.
but when they kill me Im bringin the world with me.
bitches too you aint nuttin but a girl to me bitch Ima kill you.

you dont wanna fuck with.
cause Shady will fuckin.
i said you dont wanna fuck with.
cause Shady will fuckin.
kill you.

hahaha.
im just playin ladies.
you know I love you.

white America.
america Ha ha ha We love you.
how many people are proud to be citizens.
of this beautiful country of ours the stripes and the stars.
for the rights that men have died for to protect.
the women and men who have broke their necks.
for the freedom of speech the United States government has sworn to uphold or so were told.

i never wouldve dreamed in a million years Id see.
so many motherfuckin people who feel like me.
who share the same views and the same exact beliefs.
its like a fuckin army marchin in back of me.
so many lives I touched so much anger aimed.
in no particular direction just sprays and sprays.
and straight through your radio waves it plays and plays.
til it stays stuck in your head for days and days.
who wouldve thought standin in this mirror bleachin my hair.
with some peroxide reachin for a tshirt to wear.
that I would catapult to the forefront of rap like this.
how could I predict my words would have an impact like this.
i mustve struck a chord with somebody up in the office.
cause Congress keep tellin me I aint causin nothin but problems.
and now theyre sayin Im in trouble with the government.
im lovin it I shoveled shit all my life and now Im dumpin it on.
white America I could be one of your kids.
white America Little Eric looks just like this.
white America Erica loves my shit.
white America I could be one of your kids.
white America Little Eric looks just like this.
white America Erica loves my shit.
i go to TRL look how many hugs I get.

look at these eyes baby blue baby just like yourself.
if they were brown Shadyd lose Shady sits on the shelf.
but Shadys cute Shady knew Shadys dimples would help.
lets do the math If I was black I wouldve sold half.
i aint have to graduate from Lincoln High School to know that.
but I could rap so fuck school Im too cool to go back.
give me the mic Show me where the fuckin studios at.
when I was underground no one gave a fuck I was white.
no labels wanted to sign me almost gave up I was like.
fuck it until I met Dre the only one to look past.
gave me a chance and I lit a fire up under his ass.
helped him get back to the top every fan black that I got.
was probly his in exchange for every white fan that hes got.
like damn we just swapped sittin back lookin at shit wow.
im like my skin is it startin to work to my benefit now Its.
white America I could be one of your kids.
white America Little Eric looks just like this.
white America Erica loves my shit.
white America I could be one of your kids.
white America Little Eric looks just like this.
white America Erica loves my shit.
i go to TRL look how many hugs I get.

see the problem is I speak to suburban kids.
who otherwise wouldve never knew these words exist.
whose moms probly wouldve never gave two squirts of piss.
til I created so much motherfuckin turbulence.
straight out the tube right into your livin rooms I came.
and kids flipped when they knew I was produced by Dre.
thats all it took and they were instantly hooked right in.
and they connected with me too because I looked like them.
thats why they put my lyrics up under this microscope.
searchin with a fine tooth comb its like this rope.
waitin to choke tightenin around my throat.
watchin me while I write this like I dont like this note.
all I hear is lyrics lyrics constant controversy.
sponsors workin round the clock to try to stop my concerts early.
surely hiphop was never a problem in Harlem only in Boston.
after it bothered the fathers of daughters startin to blossom.
so now Im catchin the flak from these activists when they raggin.
actin like Im the first rapper to smack a bitch or say faggot shit.
just look at me like Im your closest pal.
the poster child the motherfuckin spokesman now for.
white America I could be one of your kids.
white America Little Eric looks just like this.
white America Erica loves my shit.
white America I could be one of your kids.
white America Little Eric looks just like this.
white America Erica loves my shit.
i go to TRL look how many hugs I get.

so to the parents of America I am the Derringer.
aimed at little Erica to attack her character.
the ringleader of this circus of worthless pawns.
sent to lead the march right up to the steps of Congress.
and piss on the lawns of the White House.
to burn the galf and replace it with a Parental Advisory sticker.
to spit liquor in the faces of this democracy of hypocrisy.
fuck you Ms Cheney Fuck you Tipper Gore.
fuck you with the freest of speech this Divided States of Embarrassment will allow me to have Fuck you.
ha ha ha Im just playin America.
you know I love.

darkness.
i dont wanna be alone I dont wanna be.

i dont wanna be alone in the darkness.
i dont wanna be alone in the darkness.
i dont wanna be alone in the darkness anymore.

here I am alone again.
cant get out of this hole Im in.
its like the walls are closin in.
you cant help me no one can.
i can feel these curtains closin.
i go to open em.
but something pulls em closed again.
feels like Im loathing in Las Vegas.
havent got the vaguest why Im so lost.
but Id make you this small wager.
if I bet you Ill be in tomorrows paper.
who would the odds favor.
im so much like my father you would think that I knew him.
i keep pacin this room Valium then chase it with booze.
one little taste itll do.
maybe Ill take it and snooze then tear up the stage in a few.
fuck the Colt 45 Ima need somethin stronger.
if I pop any caps it better be off of vodka.
i dont wanna be alone in the darkness.
i dont wanna be alone in the darkness anymore.

now Im starin at the room service menu off a benzo.
i can hear the music continue to crescendo.
i can see the whole fuckin venue from my window.
thats when you know youre schizo.
cause I keep peekin out the curtain from the hotel.
the music is so loud.
but its almost as though I dont hear no sound.
i should get ready for the show now.
wait is this the whole crowd I thought this shit was sold out.
but its only the opening act its early dont overreact.
then something told me relax.
and just hope for the show to be packed.
dont wanna hit the stage before they fill each row to the max.
cause thatd be totally wack.
you cant murder a show nobodys at.
but what if nobody shows Panic mode.
bout to snap and go motherfuckin wacko at any second.
bout to cancel the show just as fans below rush the entrance.
plan is a go to wreck shit cameras in all directions.
the press is bout to go ape shit bananas on all the networks.
commando with extra clips I got ammo for all the hecklers.
im armed to the teeth another Valium fall off the bed.
hit the ground and crawl to the dresser.
alcohol on my breath as I reach for the scope.
im blackin out Im all out of meds.
with them benzodiazepines gone.
now its just magazines sprawled out on the floor.
fuck the media Im goin all out this is war.
i dont wanna be alone in the darkness.
i dont wanna be alone in the darkness anymore.

people start to show up time to start the show up.
its 1005 PM and the curtain starts to go up.
and Im already sweatin but Im locked and loaded.
for rapid fire spittin for all the concertgoers.
scopes for sniper vision surprise from out of nowhere.
as I slide the clip in from inside the hotel.
leanin out the window going Keyser Söze.
finger on the trigger but Im a licensed owner.
with no prior convictions so law says skys the limit.
so my supplys infinite strapped like Im a soldier.
got em hopping over walls and climbing fences.
some of them John Travolta staying alive by inches.
cops are knockin oh fuck thought I blocked the entrance.
guess show time is over.
no suicide note just a note for target distance.
but if youd like to know the reason why I did this.
youll never find a motive truth is I have no idea.
i am just as stumped no signs of mental illness.
just tryin to show ya the reason why were so fucked.
cause by the time its over wont make the slightest difference.
and I dont wanna be alone in the darkness.
i dont wanna be alone in the darkness.
i dont wanna be alone in the darkness anymore.

yeah we do have some breaking news from the Associated Press right now.
just gonna bring that up because we are hearing.
we have told you that the shooter is dead.
and we have just learned that police are saying that the Las Vegas shooter killed himself.
that is the bartender there at Mandalay Bay and I believe were going to hear more from her.
yeah we just wanted to share that with you.
you can see behind me here this is what he looks like.
now we did just tell you that police just earlier.
metro was telling us that he killed himself inside the hotel room.
good morning as we come to you on the air.
reports of a number of fatalities and this time it is in Santa Fe Texas.
we are following breaking news this morning.
another deadly school shooting.
this one in Santa Fe Texas thats just outside Houston.
five people dead.
the attacker opening fire outside the church during a morning worship session.
this a deadly shooting at a food festival in Northern California.
three people so far dead.
newlyreleased surveillance video shows the moments leading up to a mass shooting in Dayton Ohio.
authorities say the.

believe.
and I started from the bottom.
like a snowmangroundup.
like round chuck and still put hands on you.
sucker free confidence high.
such a breeze when I pen rhymes.
now my communitys gated and I.
im givin em pounds Im upscale now.
but I still remember the days of.
minimum wage for general labor.
welfare recipient since a minor.
look how government assistance has made ya.
adversity if at first you dont succeed.
put your temper to more use.
cause bein brokes a poor excuse.
that should only give you more fuel.
show em why youre you.
so close God its like I almost got it.
but close only counts in time bombs and horseshoes.
so I Unabomb shittick tick tickno remorse pew.
screw it Im lit and that attitude I blew up on quick.
thats why they call me firecracker.
i grew up on WICwick wick wickwith a short fuse.
i got some important news to report to.
anyone who thought I was done nah bitch not quite.
spotlights back on got my faith wheres yours.
do you still believe in me.
didnt I give everything I had to give you to make you see.
ill never forget if you turn your back on me now.
and walk out I will never let you live it down.
ill never quit do you still believe in me.

man I know sometimes.
these thoughts can be harsh and cold as ice.
to me theyre just ink blots.
i just fling em like slingshots and so precise.
or you retards can roll the dice.
but beef will at least cost you your career.
cause even my cheap shots are overpriced.
but this middle fingers free as a bird.
nuke warhead at birth hugest forehead on Earth.
too short for the verse studied his formula learned.
how to incorporate a curse.
point it towards corporate America.
stick a fork in and turn.
cause fourletter words are more better heard.
the world forcefed a turd to me youre getting yours.
but sometimes I overdo it but I just get so into it.
i was there consolin you when no one knew it.
when your situation showed no improvement.
i was that door you walked over to it.
im the light at the end of the tunnel.
so people are always lookin to me as theyre goin through it.
when that tunnel vision is unclear.
shit becomes too much to bear.
since Cleanin Out My Closet.
when I was havin trouble with the snare.
im that unrealistic prayer answered.
and Ima get you jacked up like youre tryna fix a flat uh.
when you struggle with despair.
that doublefisted bareknuckles coupled with this pair.
of nuts Im cuppin I am your fuck it switch nothin can compare.
do you still believe in me.
didnt I give everything I had to give you to make you see.
ill never forget if you turn your back on me now.
and walk out I will never let you live it down.
ill never quit do you still believe in me.

started from the bottom like a snowman.
oh man put that in your corncob pipe and smoke that.
but my batterys low Ima need a boost to my pack.
and I know that I always got Proof at my back.
i called you Proof because I knew for a fact.
my ace in the hole homie Im callin on you.
cause I think Im slowly startin to lose faith in it so.
give me that inkling and mo.
tivation to go Hussein with the flow.
fake fans that are twofaced didnt show.
let heartbeats loop produce hate in my soul.
layin vocals two days in a row.
true statement hate to go down this road.
but theres only one route to cross this bridge.
so I walk in this bitch with loose change.
cause all my dues paid but this booths takin its toll.
but its never too late to start a new beginnin.
that goes for you too so what the fuck you gon do.
use the tools youre given.
or youre gon use the cards youre dealt.
as an excuse for you to not do shit with em.
i used to play the loservictim.
til I saw the way Proof was driven.
i found my vehicle and I havent ran out of gas yet.
and when they stacked decks turn handicaps into assets.
fanny packs hourglasses.
if time was on my side Id still have none to waste.
man in my younger days.
that dream was so much fun to chase.
its like Id run in place.
while this shit dangled in front of my face.
but how do you keep up the pace.
and the hunger pangs once youve won the race.
when that dual exhaust is coolin off.
cause you dont got nothin left to prove at all.
cause you done already hit em with the coup de grâce.
still you feel the need to go full tilt.
that Bruce Willis that Blue Steel that true skill.
when that wheels loose I wont lose will.
do you still.

evil Twin.
yeah.
tryna figure out the difference.
but I thinkthink the lines are starting to get blurred.

im in a strange place.
i feel like Mae when he gave up the game for his faith.
i feel like Im caged in these chains and restraints.
grimmin every stranger in the place while I gaze into space.
cause Im mentally rearrangin his face.
i need a change of pace.
cause the pace Im workin ats dangerous.
theres nowhere to dump this anger and thanks to this angst.
i done quit chicken heads cold turkey.
and started slowly roastin em.
cause thats where most of my anger is based.
fuck your feelings.
i feel like I play for the Saints.
i just wanna hurt youaim for the skanks.
then aim for all these fake Kanyes Jays Waynes and the Drakes.
im frustrated cause aint no more NSync now Im all out of whack.
im all out of Backstreet Boys to call out and attack.
im goin all out in this rap shit and whatever the fallout is Im strapped for battle.
suck a duck crawl out the backits a bar fight.
prepare your arsenal.
and beware of bar stools flyin through the air and bottles breakin mirrors also.
and I aint stoppin til the swear jars full.
oh my bad slut And next time I show up to court.
ill be naked and just wear a law suit.
judge be like Thats sharp.
how much that motherfucker cost you smartass.
youre lucky I dont tear it off you.
and jump your bones you sexy motherfucker.
youre so fuckin gravy Marshall I should start callin you au jus.
cause alls you do is spit them lyrics out the wazoo.
evil Twin take this beat now its all you.
i believe people can change but only for the worse.
i coulda changed the world if it wasnt for this verseso satanic.
kMart chains panic cause they cant even spin back the curse words.
cause theyre worse when theyre reversed motherfucker.
and these kids are like parrots.
they run around the house just like terrorists.
screamin Fuck Shit Fuck.
adult with a childishlike arrogance.
wild ever since the day I came out I was like Merits.
fuck that Id rather be loud and I like swearin.
from the first album even the gals were like Tight lyrics dreamy eyes.
but my fuckin mouth was nightmarish.
and from the start of it you felt like you were part of this and opposition felt the opposite.
hogger of beats hoarder of rhymes.
borderline genius whos bored of his lines.
and that sort of defines where Im at and the way I feel now.
feel like I might just strike first then ignore the replies.

welcome back to the land of the living my friend.
you have slept for quite some time.

so whos left Lady Gaga Mess with the Bieber.
nah F with Christina.
i aint fuckin with either Jessica neither Simpson or Alba.
my albums just sicker than strep with the fever.
get the Chloraseptic Excedrin Aleve or.
extra Strength Tylenol 3s.
feel like Im burnin to death but Im freezin.
bedridden and destined never to leave the.
bedroom ever again like the legend of Heathuh.
ledger.
my suicide notes barely legible read the.
bottom its signed by the Joker.
lorena said I never can leave her.
shell sever my wiener I ever deceive her.
fuck that shit bitch Give up my dick for pussy.
ill be Jerry Mathers I ever left it to Beaver.
get them titties cut off tryna mess with a cleaver.
golly wolly I vent heat register Jesus.
ever since 19946 Dresden it was definitely in my destiny.
when on the steps I met DeShaun at Osborn.
id never make it to sophomore.
i just wanted to skip school and rap.
used to mop floors flip burgers and wash dishes.
while I wrote rhymes tryna get props for em.
cause I took book smarts and swapped for em.
they were sleepin I made em stop snorin.
made em break out the popcorn.
now Ive been hip hop in its tiptop form.
since NWA was blarin through my car windows.
leanin on the horn screamin Fuck the police like cop porn.
flipped rap on its ear like I dropped corn.
fuck top five bitch Im top four.
and that includes Biggie and Pac whore.
and I got an evil twin.
so who the fuck you think that third and that fourth spots for.
and crazy as I am Im much tamer than him and Im nuts.
then again who the fuck wants a plain Eminem.
hi Faggot.
look whos back with a crab up his ass like a lobster crawled up there.
two rabbits a koala bear and a ball of hair.
and youre all aware I dont got it all upstairs.
guess thats why Im an addict and its so small up there.
peace to Whitney.
jeez just hit me.
that I should call the Looney Police to come get me.
cause Im so sick of bein the truth.
i wish someoned finally admit me.
to a mental hospital with Britney.
oh LMFAO no way Jo.
se Baez couldnt beat this rapOJ no.
i sound like Im tryna sing the fuckin chorus to Hip Hop Hooray.
no Im hollerin you got bottomend like an 808.
let your lowend raise yo.
tango what you think ho Slow dancin or bowling.
you tryin to hold hands with your homie.
what you think Im lookin for romance cause Im lonely.
change that tune you aint got a remote chance to control me.
ho Im only vulnerable when I got a boner.
superman try to fuck me over it wont hurt.
dont try to fix me Im broke so I dont work.
so are you but youre broke cause you dont work.
but all bullshit aside I hit a stride.
still Shady inside hair every bit as dyed.
as it used to be when I first introduced yall to my skittish side.
and blamed it on him when they tried to criticize.
cause we are the same.


stronger Than I Was.
you used to say that Id never be.
nothin without you and Id believe.
im shot in the lungs I gasp I cant breathe.
just lay here with me baby hold me please.
and Id beg and Id plead drop to knees.
and Id cry and Id scream Baby please dont leave.
snatch the keys from your hand I would squeeze.
and youd laugh and youd tease.
youre just fucking with me and you must hate me.
why do you date me if you say I make you sick.
and youve had enough of me.
i smother you Im bout to jump off the edge.

but you wont break me.
youll just make me stronger than I was.
before I met you I bet you Ill be just fine without you.
and if I stumble I wont crumble.
ill get back up and uhh.
but Ima still be humble when I scream Fuck you.
cause Im stronger than I was.

a beautiful face is all that you have.
cause on the inside youre ugly and mad.
but youre all that I love I grasp you cant leave.
please stay here with me baby hold me please.
and Id beg and Id plead drop to knees.
and Id cry and Id scream Baby please dont leave.
but you left and you took everything I had left.
and left nothin nothin for me.
so please dont wake me from this dream baby.
were still together in my head.
and youre still in love with me.
til I woke up to discover that that dream was dead.
but you wont break me.
youll just make me stronger than I was.
before I met you I bet you Ill be just fine without you.
and if I stumble I wont crumble.
ill get back up and uhh.
but Ima still be humble when I scream Fuck you.
cause Im stronger than I was.

you walked out I almost died.
it was almost a homicide.
that you caused cause I was so traumatized.
felt like I was in for a long bus ride.
id rather die than you not be by my side.
cant count how many times I vomited cried.
go to my room turn the radio on and hide.
thought we were Bonnie and Clyde.
nah on the inside you were Jekyll and Hyde.
i felt like my whole relationship with you was a lie.
it was you and I why did I think it was ride or die.
cause if you coulda took my life you woulda.
its like you put a knife through my chest.
and pushed it right through to the.
other side of my back and stuck a spike too shoulda.
put up more of a fight but I couldnt.
at the time no one could hurt me like you coulda.
take you back now whats the likelihood of that.
bite me bitch chew on a nineteen footer.
cause this morning I finally stood up.
held my chin up finally showed a sign of life in me for the.
first time since you left.
and left me with nothin but shattered dreams.
and the life we coulda had and we coulda been.
but Im breakin out of this slump Im in.
pullin myself out of the dumps once again.
im gettin up once and for allfuck this shit.
ima be late for the pity party.
but youre never gonna beat me to the fuckin punch again.
took it on the chin like a champ.
so dont lump me in with them chumpions.
im done bein your punching bag.
it was the November 31st today.
woulda been our anniversary.
two years but you left on the 1st of May.
i wrote it on a calendar was gonna call.
but couldnt think of the words to say.
but they came to me just nowso I put em in a verse to lay.
a better person than I was.
i gave you all you gave me none.
and after all is said and done.
im still angry yeah I may be.
i may never trust someone.

but you wont break me.
youll just make me stronger than I was.
before I met you I bet you Ill be just fine without you.
and if I stumble I wont crumble.
ill get back up and uhh.
but Ima still be humble when I scream Fuck you.
cause Im stronger than I.

detroit vs Everybody.
detroit.
tell em if they want it.
i swear I love my city.
see me they salute me.
detroit vs Everybody.
uh I took a bite out the rotten apple by the poison tree.
all these females need to email to make noise.
and now things changin a lot he fuck with my authority.
then he shall see shells but not by the seashore if he gangbangin or not.
its simple as the alphabet he F with me.
that G shall surely see he definitely is bout it.
as retail fraud hes weak the honest gesture.
the trigger finger round the diamond tester we tell flaw with heat.
the same soldier its me myself and I.
ridin round shootin my biopic in my autobiography Range Rover this aint the squash beef state.
you thinkin makeup we thinkin Lark Voorhies face.
the twin Eaglesll air his coupe might as well ride by in an ambulance.
my pairll shoot like skydivin in Hammer pants.
so call it sibling rivalry.
take his life call it the unforgivable robbery.
a wise man told me that holdin a grudge is like.
i dont got time to evict these clowns.
ridin round his block.
all he know is pitfalls thats why he always climbin out his drop.
boy I need no halves and halves I want the game in entirety.
hundred percent cut no stitches required.
welcome to Detroit where if you get that promotion.
i still call it safe I would suck if I was umpirin.
boy I hit the beat and just treat that shit like a diary.
im offended if you hear my new shit and you aint rewindin me.
selfmade I never needed your bail or a wire see.
im never callin collect I call to collect.
ahh Plus Im so loyal that that paper boy is all that I fetch.
im overrespected.
my mama gated communitys overprotective.
so futuristic Im already over my next bitch.
reminiscin on listenin to 50 fifty times a day.
back when tenth grade was like fifty days away.
tryna get paid fifty ways a day.
used to put fifty on the layaway.
now my closet fifty shades of grey.
26 and I done lived a lifetime a few times.
from futons to Grey Poupons.
i spit that A1 every day Im hittin new primes.
now the stakes high niggas surprised at the new lines.
takin down my number like You still aint got a new line.
nah its the same we been laborin for years.
i know it took way longer than nine months.
but fuck it its all in due time.
i turned a blunt to a roach with dreams of bein a Beatle.
dont want to I need to ya gotta learn to keep it cerebral.
when you come up in a place.
where everyone got a piece but aint peaceful.
tell em if they want it.
i swear I love my city.
see me they salute me.
detroit vs Everybody.
comin from them streets where they thirsty starvin to eat.
just a step away from failin thats why they call it the D.
arguably the whole reason for all of this honesty.
honestly no honor roll but honored up in them streets.
cause Im a Linwood nigga them young niggas hit ya.
put a stack on your head youll bleed a lake on Grand River.
if you think your hood harder then I might beg to differ.
know some killers pull the trigger for a Swisher and Miller.
if the blicka hit ya kisser bet yo ass not rememberin.
they say my citys tougher than two fat bitches scissorin.
so nigga Im a veteran retire my letterman.
have Ks in front of your school but I aint goin to Kettering.
cough up a lung 313 where Im from.
xan got me crosseyed like Bernsteins son.
any nigga try to copy put a hole in his top.
its us vs them Detroit vs Everybody.
lately it seems as if its me against the world.
like it was before my life became a movie.
and they used to use my mothafuckin trailer to tease me with.
but I flipped that script like a refill of.
it made me feel amazing Navy SEAL of bravery.
and if I may reiterate I aint even need a script.
aint bein conceited but I made it to radioeat a dick.
i still never ABC this shit.
mainstream appeal but the skill is what made me iller.
since before they called Jay Dee Dilla.
i was daydreamin one day I would be the shit.
and if I ever end up escapin these streets.
i swear that I would stay here still.
and if Im crazy Ill always be real.
dont make me steal an eighteenwheeler.
break all of my friends out of here.
and take em straight to the Mercedes dealer.
peel off back to the same block that we came from.
on a rampage too crazy for me to flip.
whats makin you think I need a switch.
cause Im Adrian Peterson.
when hes ragin and heated and.
on the way to go beat his kid.
on a track get spanked like he just did.
sick of bein treated like we aint shit.
but Jesus I can see just why people quit callin me.
to do features and them cyphers on BET cause if.
i wasnt me I probly wouldnt.
wanna play with me neither shit.
seems to be reachin its fever pitch.
hundred and eighty degrees in here.
shoulder blade full of cedar chips.
mCs just bit off more than they can chew.
like a face full of Swedish Fish.
or Lorena with two penises.
hateful and geniusness inconvenience.
and for the record you dont want this type of static.
in your life when Im makin you cling to it.
may consider tryna reinsulate your windows.
may be in for another crazy winter.
cause so cold in the D it is.
as days begin to tick away but aint this really.
what made me into the angry bitter blonde.
but aint we sick of bein underdogs.
dont make me unleash this shit release this pit.
may even seem as if Im yankin your chain a bit.
or maybe the way in which Im sayin shit.
is playin with you but aint shit changin.
its still the same shit and Shadys still a lady killer.
since the day I went insane and then attacked the babysitter.
with a potato peeler.
and mushed her face into the entertainment center.
its like another plane just entered into Ukraine again.
or the Bermuda Triangle and.
attempted to make a safe descent.
awaiting anyone who aint affiliated it could be danger.
did you make arrangements with the gangsters fore you came here And if they mention us.
tell em if they want it.
i swear I love my city.
see me they salute me.
detroit vs Everybody.
what up though Its the godfather Trick Trick.
you either ridin with us or gettin rolled on.
that means Detroit vs Everybody.
hey Em let me get that instrumental.
take it down to the hood.
let the little homies get this remix crackin.
detroit Okay.

im Back.

i murder a rhyme one word at a time.
you never heard of a mind as perverted as mine.
you better get rid of that 9 it aint gonna help.
what goods it gonna do against a man that strangles himself.
im waitin for Hell like Hell shit Im anxious as Hell.
manson youre safe in that cell be thankful its jail.
i used to be my mommys little angel at twelve.
thirteen I was puttin shells in a gauge on a shelf.
i used to get punked and bullied on my block.
til I cut a kittens head off and stuck it in this kids mailbox.
i used to give a fuck now I could give a fuck less.
what do I think of success It sucks too much press.
im stressed too much cess depressed too upset.
whatever you say is wrong whatever I says right.
you think of my name now whenever you say Hi.
became a commodity cause Im WHI.
tE cause MTV was so friendly to me.
cant wait til Kim sees me.
now is it worth it Look at my life how is it perfect.
read my lips bitch What my mouth isnt workin.
you hear this finger Oh its upside down.
here let me turn this motherfucker up right now.
i take each individual degenerates head and reach into it.
just to see if hes influenced by me if he listens to music.
and if he feeds into this shit hes an innocent victim.
and becomes a puppet on the string of my tennis shoe.
i been crazy way before radio didnt play me.
with Ken Kaniff who just finds the men edible.
its Ken Kaniff on the Internet.
its a sick world we live in these days.
geez you guys are so sensitive.
slim its a touchy subject try and just dont mention it.
mind with no sense in it fried schizophrenic whose eyes get so squinted.
im blind from smoke in em with my windows tinted.
with nine limos rented doin lines of coke in em.
with a bunch of guys hoppin out all high and indoscented.
and thats where I get my name from.
thats why they call me.

add an AK47 a revolver a 9.
a MAC11 and it oughta solve the problem of mine.
cause Im Shady they call me as crazy.
as the world was over this whole Y2K thing.
and by the way NSYNC why do they sing.
am I the only one who realizes they stink.
should I dye my hair pink and care what yall think.
lip sync and buy a bigger size of earrings.
its why I tend to block out when I hear things.
so I just throw up a middle finger and let it linger.
longer than the rumor that I was stickin it to Christina.
cause if I ever stuck it to any singer in showbiz.
itd be Jennifer Lopez and Puffy you know this.
im sorry Puff but I dont give a fuck.
if this chick was my own mother Id still fuck her with no rubber.
and cum inside her and have a son and a new brother.
at the same time and just say that it aint minewhats my name.

guess whos bback back.
gue gueguegue guess whos back.
slim Shady 2001.

untouchable.

hands up officer dont shoot.
then pull your pants up promise you wont loot.
we may never understand each other its no use.
we aint ever gonna grasp what each other goes through.

black boy black boy we aint gonna lie to you.
black boy black boy we dont like the sight of you.
pull up on the side of you.
window rolled down profile.
then we wonder why we see this side of you.
probably comin from the dope house.
we could let you slide but your tail light is blew out.
we know youre hidin that Heidi Klum.
on you another drug charge homie its back inside for you.
and just in case a chase might ensue we got that tried and true.
pistol drew right at you wed be delighted to unload it.
in your back then walk up and lay that taser on the side of you.
fucked up but what the fuck am I to do.
i keep tellin myself keep doin like youre doin.
no matter how many lives you ruin.
its for the red white and blue.
time to go find a new one and split his head right in two.
no ones ever indicted you.
why Cause youre a.
white boy white boy youre a rockstar.
my momma talkin to me tryna tell me how to live.
white boy white boy in your cop car.
but I dont listen to her cause my head is like a sieve.
white boy white boy youre untouchable.
the worlds coming to an end I dont even care.
nobody can tell me shit cause Im a big rockstar.

black boy black boy we dont get your culture and.
we dont care what our governments done to fuck you over man.
dont tell us your attitudes a result of that.
balderdash whered you get the chip on your shoulder at.
why you kicking that soda can.
pull your pants up we bout to roll up and.
throw your ass in the van cuffed.
you dont have to know our plans or what our intentions are.
our cards are close to our chest you better show your hands.
and put our minds more at ease.
or get shot in the thyroid comply or die boy.
were fightin a crime war here come the swine.
tryna clean up the streets from all these minorities.
thats what we call em pigsties for.
theyre like eyesores to police.
talk to you like just a piece of trash.
feels like were stuck in a time warp to me.
as I kick these facts and get these mixed reactions.
as this beat backspins its like were drifting back in.
to the sixties having black skin is risky.
cause this keeps happening.
throughout history AfricanAmericans have been treated like shit.
and I admit there have been times where its been embarrassin to be a.
white boy white boy youre a rockstar.
my momma talkin to me tryna tell me how to live.
white boy white boy in your cop car.
but I dont listen to her cause my head is like a sieve.
white boy white boy youre untouchable.
the worlds coming to an end I dont even care.
nobody can tell me shit cause Im a big rockstar.

seems like the average lifespan of a white man.
is more than twice than a black life span.
i wonder sometimes if it has a price scanner.
i feel like checking out on life cant escape this circumstance.
id rather hear em say Die Nword than Die Antwoord.
ninja now its better disguised banter.
but thats life strapped cause were strapped financially.
and cant find answers.
were applying but McDonalds.
seems to be the only franchise thatll hire.
so how can we have higher standards.
as Dallas overshadows the battle for Black Lives Matter.
we fight back with violence but acts like that are.
black eyes on the movement.
which makes black lives madder.
at cops and cops madder.
thats why its at a stalemate.
and cant arrive at a compromise so its Black Ops.
i wonder if we hire more black cops the crap stops.
the block is our backyards officers not the crack spot.
call the attack dogs off of us man.
you always act all pissed off at us at a traffic stop.
and bad cops fuck it up for the good cops and man stop.
sendin white cops in the black neighborhoods.
who aint acclimated to em like thats the way to do it.
who seen some fuckin videos of rappers waving guns.
and know nobody black so they act afraid of us.
and thats racism the fear that a black face gives em.
a subconscious racist.
wait why are there black neighborhoods.
cause America segregated us designated us to an area.
separated us SectionEightd us.
when we tear it ups the only time attentions paid to us.
and education sucks and every days another.
freddie Gray for us a levy breaks or fuzz.
why is it they treat us like dryer lint.
we just want a safe environment for our kids.
but cant escape the sirens.
dont take a scientist to see our violent nature lies in.
the poverty that we face so the crime rates the highest in.
the lowest classes its like a razor wire fence.
and were trapped in these racial biases.
that plague our society which makes our anxiety levels raise.
every time we see a devils face.
lions tigers and bears oh my.
its more like billy clubs and gats.
and we really love it when you think were guilty cause were black.
but you kill each other facts.
you peel each others caps for silly stuff like hats.
single mother strugglin through substance abuse.
while people with nothin to lose shoot each other for shoes.
fuck your Republican views.
pull ourselves up by our bootstraps where the fuck are the boots.
and streets act as a narrator dont gotta read comics.
or be that into characters just to see that just to be black.
you better be strapped with a derringer.
or be capped in America like Steve Rogers.
cause no one oversees these cops and.
all we see is em beat charges.
we done seen em beat Rodney King unconscious and got off.
so we dont need all you crooked police officers peace offerings.
just keep marchin til we reach congress.
but theyre gonna say youre tryin to take an irrational stance.
if you try to slander the flag but.
somebody has to be the sacrificial lamb.
so they call it a Kaepernick tantrum.
if you dont stand for the national anthem.
we raise it you better praise it.
or youll be made to feel like a traitor well.
treat you like Rodney Dangerfield.
home of the brave is still racist ville.
so this whole nation feels like a plantation field.
in a country that claims that its foundation was based on United States ideals.
that had its Natives killed.
got you singin this starspangled spiel.
to a piece of cloth that represents the Land of the Free that made people slaves to.

you Gon Learn.
pray you see tomorrow little boy you gon learn.
all them pretty bitches leave yo ass in the urn.
you aint sold your last rock you just better earn.
but I pray you see tomorrow little boy you gon learn.
pray you see tomorrow little boy you gon learn.
all them pretty bitches leave yo ass in the urn.
you aint sold your last rock you just better earn.
but I pray you see tomorrow little boy you gon learn.

im a product of properly hoppin up out of that poverty.
profitin all for coppin and swappin that property out for a possible monopoly.
tryin not to adopt my fathers old philosophies.
same time Im prayin to God that everything works out at his colonoscopy.
im walkin across a suicidal tightrope intentionally.
while the demons comin out of me.
wifeys on the side of me talkin sense into me.
without she I feel incomplete mentally shes been sent to me.
right there since 96 worse nightmare to side chicks some things are just meant to be.
this it for me give my daughters a kiss for me.
yall call this fame I call this shit alcoholistic infamy.
targettin my kids and babies through population and gun control.
shit make me wanna make a hunnid more.
make a bigot racist uncomfortable.
if yall against talk and reparation then Im not against the thought of separation.
while the politicians that are white and privileged ask how is this different from segregation thats funny bro.
segregation is bein told where Im gonna go.
separation is bein woke and goin wherever I wanna go.
pray you see tomorrow little boy you gon learn.
all them pretty bitches leave yo ass in the urn.
you aint sold your last rock you just better earn.
but I pray you see tomorrow little boy you gon learn.
pray you see tomorrow little boy you gon learn.
all them pretty bitches leave yo ass in the urn.
you aint sold your last rock you just better earn.
but I pray you see tomorrow little boy you gon learn.

never sold dope for no gold rope.
didnt have knots I was so broke.
on my last rock for my slingshot.
oh no got your pants caught on the fence post.
getting chased by them Jackboys think its bout to fuzz.
like a lint roller they wait til its late they will tiptoe.
through your living room window.
take your Nintendo and then skate.
making you feel like you got bent over and raped.
little boy youre never gonna get no rope chain.
get your shit stole and your lip swole I became bitter.
as I got a little bit older my hate.
was making me get cold and began to get a chipped shoulder.
started to spit vulgar my ZIP code had been skid row.
but I ate every single beat that I spit over the shithole I escaped.
then I began to explode detonate now the Eastside went schizo.
thought my name was Bside cause they flipped over my tape.
and I wont hesitate.
shit bro hold up wait.
and Im not gonna let up treat the paper like Im chopping a letter.
drell tell you how I shred.
so when you refer to the guy next to the doc you meant shredder.
now the cops wanna set up roadblocks on my head I.
got several bounties from feds in every county.
im with a gal at a Checkers wiling.
bumping Fuck Da Police while I fed her Rallys.
this shit is like Romper Room.
why do I feel responsible for these kids.
all of whom Im a father to.
im a God to you yall better worship the water I walk on.
or yall gonna meet your Waterloo.
i get to flippin the mic as a murder weapon.
im poppin an extra clip then cock and shoot then Im popping.
do not let me catch you slippin.
i will pop up and Ill take a spot from you.
ill get to doing what a leaky faucet do.
but I aint talkin drip when I say that Ill get the drop on you.
singin fuck all of you in Autotune.
i am too volatile and too grizzly to bear.
yeah shit is gettin to where I can barely even sit in a chair.
i bust my ass for this shit and I swear.
it aint even worth dissing someone so offbeat.
that they cant even figure out where their words.
should hit the kick and the snare.
pray you see tomorrow little boy you gon learn.
all them pretty bitches leave yo ass in the urn.
you aint sold your last rock you just better earn.
but I pray you see tomorrow little boy you gon learn.
pray you see tomorrow little boy you gon learn.
all them pretty bitches leave yo ass in the urn.
you aint sold your last rock you just better earn.
but I pray you see tomorrow little boy you gon.

beautiful Pain.
i can feel the heat risin.
everything is on fire.
todays a painful re.
minder of why.
it can only get brighter.
the further you put it behind ya.
but right now Im on the.
inside lookin out cause.

im standin in the flames.
and its a beautiful kind of pain.
settin fire to yesterday.
to find the light find the light find the light.
standin in the flames.
and its a beautiful kind of pain.
settin fire to yesterday.
find the light find the light find the light.

yesterday was the tornado warning todays like the morning after.
your world is torn in half you wake in its wake.
to start the mourning process and rebuilding youre still a work in progress.
todays a whole new chapter its like an enormous asthma.
thunderstorm has passed ya you weathered it and poked its.
eye out with the thornbush that ya used to smell the roses.
stopped to inhale cant even tell your nose is stuffed.
so focused on the bright side then you floor the gas pedal.
and hit the corner faster more assertive never looking back.
may hit the curb but every days a new learning curve as ya.
steer through life sometimes you might not wanna swerve but you have to.
to avert a disaster lucky no permanent damage.
cause they hurt you so bad its like they murdered your ass.
and threw dirt on your casket but youve returned from the ashes.
and that hurt that you have you just converted to gasoline.
and while youre burning the past standing at inferno and chantin.
im standin in the flames.
and its a beautiful kind of pain.
settin fire to yesterday.
to find the light find the light find the light.
standin in the flames.
and its a beautiful kind of pain.
settin fire to yesterday.
find the light find the light find the light.

youre so familiarized with what having to swallow this pill is like.
it happens all the time they take your heart and steal your life.
and its as though you feel youve died cause youve been killed inside.
but yet youre still alive which means you will survive.
although today you may weep cause youre weak and.
everything seems so bleak and hopeless the light that youre seekin.
it begins to seep in thats the only thing keepin.
you from leapin off the motherfreakin deep end.
and Im pullin for you to push through this feeling.
and with a little time that should do the healing and by tomorrow.
you may even feel so good that youre willing to forgive em.
even after all the shit youve been put through this feeling of resilience is building.
and the flames are burnin quick as fire would through this building.
youre sealed in but youre fireproof flame retardant you withstood it.
and as you climb up to the roof youre just chillin you look down cause youre so over em.
you could put the heel of your foot through the ceiling.
as time passes things change every day.
but wounds wounds heal but scars still remaining the same.
but tomorrow todays going down in flames.
throw the match set the past ablaze.

so feel the fire beneath your feet as you barely even.
perspire from the heat exhale deep and breathe a sigh of relief.
and as you say goodbye to the grief its like watching the walls melt.
in your prison cell but youve extinguished this livin hell.
still a little piece of you dies as you scream.

im standin in the flames.
and its a beautiful kind of pain.
settin fire to yesterday.
to find the light find the light find the light.
standin in the flames.
and its a beautiful kind of pain.
settin fire to yesterday.
find the light find the light find the light.

i feel the burn.
watch the smoke as I turn rising.
a phoenix from the flames.
i have learned.
from fighting fights that werent mine.
its not with fists.
but with wings that I will fly.
and Im standin in the flames.
and its a beautiful kind of pain.
settin fire to yesterday.
to find the light find the light find the light.
standin in the flames.
and its a beautiful kind of pain.
settin fire to yesterday.
find the light find the light find the.

so Much Better.
you fuckin groupie.
pick up the goddamn phone.

bitch where the fuck were you Tuesday With who you say.
i wasnt at the studio bitch whatd you do Screw Dre.
you went there lookin for me Boo that excuse is too lame.
keep playin me youre gonna end up with a huge goose egg.
you fake lyin slut you never told me you knew Drake.
and Lupe You wanna loose two legs.
you tryin to flip this on me If I spent more time with you you say.
okay yeah and Im coocoo eh  Well screw you.
and Ill be the third person who screwed you today.
oh fourthDre Drake Lupeoohm touché.
you were too twofaced for me.
thought you was my number one trueblue ace.
but you aint and I cant see you when you make that wittle booboo face.
cause Im hanging up this phone boo you make my fuckin Bluetooth ache.
youre feeling blue Too late go smurf yourself.
you make me wanna smurf and puke blue Kool Aid.
heres what you say to someone you hate.

my life would be so much better.
if you just dropped dead.
i was layin in bed last night thinkin.
and then this thought just popped in my head.
and I thought wouldnt shit just be a lot easier.
if you dropped dead.
i would feel so much much better.
think I just relapsed this bitch pushed me over the brink.
hop on the freeway tryna get some time alone and just think.
til the cops pulled me over but they let me go cause I told em.
im only drivin drunk cause that bitch drove me to drink.
im back on my fuck hoes with a whole new hatred for blondes.
but bias I hate all bitches the same baby come on.
excuse the pun but bitch is such a broad statement and Im.
channelin my anger through every single station thats on.
cause a woman broke my heart I say heart.
cause she ripped it in two paarts and threw it in the garbage.
who do you think you aare Bitch guess its time for me to get the dust off.
and pick myself up off the carpet.
but Ill never say the Lword again.
i lolololo lesbian.
aaahhh I hope you hear this song.
and go into a cardiac arrest my lifed be so much better if you just.

my life would be so much better.
if you just dropped dead.
i was layin in bed last night thinkin.
and then this thought just popped in my head.
and I thought wouldnt shit just be a lot easier.
if you dropped dead.
i would feel so much much better.
cause you told me.
youd love me.
forever.
bitch that was a lie.
now I never.
wanted someone to die.
so bad in my fuckin life.
but fuck it theres other fish in the sea.

and Ima have a whale of a time.
bein a single sailor for the night bitch on a scale of.
one to ten shit I must be the Holy Grail of.
i might hit the club find a chick thats tailormade.
for me say fuck it kick some shots back get hammered and nail her.
these bitches tryin to get attached but theyre failin to latch onto the tail of.
my bumper theyre scratchin at the back of my trailer.
like Im itchin to get hitched yeah Im rich as a bitch.
but bitches aint shit Id rather leave a bitch in a ditch.
bitch you complain when you listen to this.
but you still throw yourself at me thats what I call pitchin a bitch.
thats why Im swingin at this chicks onsite.
long as I got a bat and two balls its foul but my dicks on strike.
so all that love shit is null and void bitch Im a droid.
i avoid Cupid stupid Wasnt for blow jobs youd be unemployed.
oyeyoyyoy manohman your boyboyboys.
gettin sick of these girlsgirlsgirls oinkoinkoink.
you fuckin pigs all youre good for is doinkdoinkdoink.
i got 99 problems and a bitch aint one.
shes all 99 of em I need a machine gun.
ill take em all out I hope you hear this song.
and go into a cardiac arrest have a heart attack and just.
drop dead and Ima throw a fuckin party after this cause yes.
my life would be so much better.
i was layin in bed last night thinkin.
and I thought wouldnt shit just be a lot easier.
i would feel so much much better.

im just playin bitch.
you know I love.

shake That.
woo Shady Aftermath.
look at that bitch.

there she go shakin that ass on the flo.
bumpin and grindin that pole.
the way shes grindin that pole.
i think Im losin control.

get buzzed get drunk get crunk.
get fucked up hit the strip club.
dont forget ones get your dick rubbed get fucked.
get sucked get wasted shitfaceted.
pasted plastered  puke drink throw up.
get a new drink hit the bathroom sink throw up.
wipe your shoe clean got a routine goin.
still got a few chunks on them shoestrings showin.
i was dehydrated til the beat vibrated.
i was revived as soon as this bitch gyrated.
them hips and licked them lips and that was it.
i had to get Nate Dogg here to sing some shit.

two to the one from the one to the three.
i like good pussy and I like good tree.
smoke so much weed you wouldnt believe.
and I get mo ass than a toilet seat.
three to the one from the one to the three.
i met a bad bitch last night in the D.
let me tell you how I made her leave with me.
conversation and Hennessy.
ive been to the motherfuckin mountaintop.
heard motherfuckers talk seen em drop.
if I aint got a weapon Ima pick up a rock.
and when I bust yo ass Im gon continue to rock.
get your ass off the wall with your two left feet.
its real easy just follow the beat.
dont let that fine girl pass you by.
look real close cause strobe lights lie.
im lookin fo a girl with a body and a sexy strut.
wanna get it poppin baby Step right up.
some girls they act retarded.
some girls are bout it bout it.
im lookin fo a girl that will do whatever the fuck.
i say every day she be givin it up.

shake that ass for me come on girl.
shake that ass for me.
shake that ass for me ah girl.
shake that ass for me.
shake that ass for me come on girl.
shake that ass for me.
shake that ass for me.

im a menace a dentist an oral hygienist.
open your mouth for about four or five minutes.
take a little bit of this fluoride rininse.
swish but dont spit it swallow it and now finish yeah.
me and Nate Dodoubleg.
lookin for a couple bitches with some double Ds.
pop a little champagne and a couple Es.
slip it in her bubbly we finna finna have a.
im lookin fo a girl I can fuck in my Hummer truck.
apple Bottom jeans and a big ol butt.
some girls are bout it bout it.
i want a bitch to sit at the crib with no panties on.
knows that she can but she wont say no.
sexy as can be tonight I want a slut.
would you be mine.
heard you was freaky from a friend of mine.
now I hope you dont get mad at me.
but I told Nate you was a freak he said he wants a slut.
hope you dont mind.
i told him how you like it from behind.

shake that ass for me come on girl.
shake that ass for me.
shake that ass for me ah girl.
shake that ass for me.
shake that ass for me come on girl.
shake that ass for me.
shake that ass for me.
im lookin fo a girl with a body and a sexy strut.
wanna get it poppin baby Step right up.
some girls they act retarded.
some girls are bout it bout it.
im lookin fo a girl that will do whatever the fuck.
i say every day she be givin it up.

there she go shakin that ass on the flo.
bumpin and grindin that pole.
the way shes grindin that pole.
i think Im losin control.

god.
and I aint leavin without you bitch.
comin home with me.
and my boy and his boy.
and his boy.
and his girl.
haha Nate.

2 Chainz.
yeah yeah.

take em to church Im talkin the tabernacle.
its the return of the body snatcher.
in a fruit fight I aim at your Adams apple.
pull up in the candy car eatin a candy bar.
and my girl eatin a candy apple.
all of these stones on my neck uh.
they must have looked at Medusa.
pockets Rasputia of course.
i drove some rims to court.
i fucked some twins before.
i had a Benz before this is the sin report.
ladidadi got a bunch of bodies.
this aint a accident uh.
king like AkRon.
ferris day off baby AR in the same car.
most of yall my sons aw look at little JR.
f12 same color Kate Moss.
uh Im talkin wristin the pot.
im talkin this and you not.
im talkin bricks and you not.
im talkin straight up and down nigga like 6 oclock.
this is the equinox this what the people want.
somebody at the door I heard the speaker knock uh.
im at your throat like Chloraseptic septic.
and you got strep Im too complex with plex with.
this shit I wrote is on some next shit next shit.
im at your throat Im feelin reckless reckless yeah.

do me a favor dont do me no favors.
these bitches got flavors.
they all wanna smoke but aint doin no labor.
but they shoppin at Raleys they stingin like tasers.
act Hollywood like they play for the Lakers.
they fly on the latest.
crocs alligators say hi to my haters.
pardon my neighbor.
we eatin that chicken lobster potatoes.
you must be sniffin that yayo.
if you dont think Im that nigga.
swagger on ten since a day old.
its aokay though whippin up whip like its mayo.
every track is a KO technical KO.
go off your head like Im Ayo.
out of this world talkin NATO.
its cause of jail ho dont be an Ahole.
submission they goin all viral.
cause Im at your throat like Chloraseptic septic.
and you got strep Im too complex with plex with.
this shit I wrote is on some next shit next shit.
bin Laden with a pen bodyin again.
i begin slaughterin your men prolly shoulda been.
ali or the Svengali embodiment of sin.
like a Saudi in the Taliban plottin an event.
in the lobby of the Intercontinental with an obvious intent.
and I would not even relent up on a little.
like Osama with a bomb under the bin and down the middle.
back and forth back and forth.
like Jack Kevorkians ass to court.
somethings gotta give thats for sure.
yet you keep comin back for more.
not as raw as I was Walk on Water sucks.
bitch suck my dick.
yall saw the tracklist and had a fit.
fore you heard it so you formed your verdict.
while you sat wit your arms crossed.
nah dog yall sayin I lost it.
brains a powder keg I draw inspiration outta hate.
real pain in the paper I dont trace.
but if I look strange and outta place.
its cause Im an alien thats why.
from 7 Mile in Novara.
so rewind it to your high school dance to the night before.
now Im bout to fool again.
this tune is sick its luminous the moon is lit.
a freakin lunatic a human computer chip.
and Im soon to stick a broom in the uterus of your Hooters chick.
if I was you I wouldnt do nothin stupid due to the mood Im in.
im losin it you get chewed like a Junior Mint.
show me who to rip its time for you to get screwed.
how many fuckin rappers did I go through.
dispel doubt but you wont admit I smoked.
and you was spellbound hellbound in my snowsuit.
but am I sposed to sound like everything else out.
cause I dont get compared to it only myself now.
well I can see the fairweather fans and sales down.
but the only way I care is if I let myself down.
but what the fuck have I woke to.
time to eat the vocals and shit out Pro Tools.
i know you still want me to ill out dont you.
hopin the old Slims gonna spill out open.
fire on your whole camp with this spit I roast you.
so chill out no you.
hoes couldnt roast me with the shit I wrote you.
then I took a stand went at TanFace and practically cut my motherfuckin fan base in half and still outsold you.
you just called my shit trash.
thank God I rap better when the odds are stacked.
revivals wack I dont like the Zombie track.
and when hes talkin that garbage psychotic crap.
wheres your content at.
whats with all the conscious rap.
i just add it to the fuel in my rocket pack.
til Im ready to respond then Ima launch it at em.
idiotic from the fuckin embryonic sac.
to the body bag Ill be back.
and when I am Ill be at your fuckin throat like.
like.

just Dont Give a Fuck.
woah aget yo hands in the air.
and get to clappin em and like back and forth.
becausea this is what you thought it wasnt.
it bes the brothers representin the Dirty Dozen.
i be the FRO the double G.
and check out my man he goes by the name of er uh.

slim Shady brain dead like Jim Brady.
im a M80 you little like that Kim lady.
im buzzin Dirty Dozen naughty rotten rhymer.
cursin at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer.
you wacker than the motherfucker you bit yo style from.
you aint gon sell two copies if you press a double album.
admit it fuck it while we comin out in the open.
im doin acid crack smack coke and smokin dope then.
i have a disease and they dont know what to call it.
better hide your wallet cause Im comin up quick to strip yo cash.
bought a ticket to yo concert just to come and whip yo ass.
bitch Im comin out swingin so fast itll make yo eyes spin.
the proof is in the puddin just ask DeShaun Holton.
ill slit yo motherfuckin throat worse than Ron Goldman.
so when you see me on yo block with two Glocks.
screamin Fuck the world like 2Pac.
i just dont give a fuck.
talkin that shit behind my back dirty mackin.
tellin your boys that Im on crack.
i just dont give a fuck.
so put my tape back on the rack.
go run and tell your friends my shit is wack.
i just dont give a fuck.
but see me on the street and duck.
cause you gon get stuck stole and snuffed.
cause I just dont give a fuck.

im nicer than Pete but Im on a search to crush a milkbone.
im everlastin I melt vanilla ice like silicone.
im ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason.
im colder than snow season when its twenty below freezin.
flavor with no seasoning this is the sneak preview.
ill diss yo magazine and still wont get a weak review.
ill make yo freak leave you smell the Folgers crystals.
this is lyrical combat gentlemen hold your pistols.
while I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles.
extortion snortin supportin abortion.
pathological liar blowin shit outta proportion.
the looniest zaniest spontaneous sporadic.
impulsive thinker compulsive drinker addict.
half animal half man.
dumpin yo dead body inside of a fuckin trash can.
with more holes than an afghan.
so when you see me on yo block with two Glocks.
screamin Fuck the world like 2Pac.
i just dont give a fuck.
talkin that shit behind my back dirty mackin.
tellin your boys that Im on crack.
i just dont give a fuck.
so put my tape back on the rack.
go run and tell your friends my shit is wack.
i just dont give a fuck.
but see me on the street and duck.
cause you finna get stuck stole and snuffed.
cause I just dont give a fuck.

im a caged demon.
on stage screamin like Rage Against the Machine.
im convinced Im a fiend.
shootin up while this record is spinnin.
clinically braindead I dont need a second opinion.
fuck droppin a jewel Im flippin a sacred treasure.
ill bite yo motherfuckin style just to make it fresher.
i cant take the pressure Im sick of bitches.
sick of naggin bosses bitchin while Im washin dishes.
in school I never said much too busy havin a head rush.
doin too much rush had my face flushed like red blush.
then I went to Jim Beam thats when my face grayed.
went to gym in eighth grade  the womens swim team.
dont take me for a joke Im no comedian.
too many mental problems got me snortin coke and smokin weed again.
im goin up over the curb drivin on the median.
finally made it home but I dont got the key to get in.
so when you see me on yo block with two Glocks.
screamin Fuck the world like 2Pac.
i just dont give a fuck.
talkin that shit behind my back dirty mackin.
tellin your boys that Im on crack.
i just dont give a fuck.
so put my tape back on the rack.
go run and tell your friends my shit is wack.
i just dont give a fuck.
but see me on the street and duck.
cause you finna get stuck stole and snuffed.
cause I just dont give a fuck.



rhyme or Reason.
yeah yeah.
yeah yeah yeah.

my mother reproduced like the komodo dragon.
and had me on the back of a motorcycle then crashed in.
the side of locomotive with rap Im.
loco its like handing a psycho a loaded handgun.
michelangelo with a paint gun in a tantrum.
bout to explode all over the canvas.
back with the Yoda of rap In a spasm.
your music usually has em.
but waned for the game your enthusiasm it hasnt.
follow you must Rick Rubin my little Padawan.
a Jedi in training colossal brain and.
thoughts are entertainin.
but docile and impossible to explain and Im also vain and.
probably find a way to complain about a Picasso painting.
puke Skywalker but sound like Chewbacca when I talk.
full of such blind rage I need a seein eye dog.
cant even find the page I was writing this rhyme on.
oh its on the rampage.
couldnt see what I wrote I write small.
it says Ever since I drove a 79 Lincoln with whitewalls.
had a fire in my heart.
and a dire desire to aspire to Die Hard.
so as long as Im on the clock punching this time card.
hiphop aint dying on my watch.
now sometimes when Im sleepin.
she comes to me in my dreams.
is she taken Is she mine.
dont got time dont care dont have two shits to give.
let me take you by the hand to promised land.
and threaten everyone.
cause theres no rhyme or no reason for nothing.


no if he had.
he wouldnt have ended up in these rhymes on my pad.
i wouldnt be so mad my attitude wouldnt be so bad.
yeah Dad Im the epitome and the prime.
example of what happens when the power of the rhyme.
falls into the wrong hands and.
makes you want to get up and start dancin.
even if it is Charles Manson.
who just happens to be rappin blue lights flashin.
laughin all the way to the bank lampin in my KMart mansion.
im in the style department.
with a pile in my cart rippin the aisle apart but.
with great power comes.
absolutely no responsibility for content.
completely despondent and condescending.
the king of nonsense and controversy is on a.
beatkilling spree Your Honor.
i must plead guilty cause I sparked a revolution.
rebel without a cause who caused the evolution.
of rap to take it to the next level boost it.
but several rebuked it and whoever produced it.
does that mean it belongs to me.
cause I just happen to be a white honky devil with two horns.
that dont honk but every time I speak you hear a beep.
but lyrically I never hear a peep not even a whisper.
rappers better stay clear of me bitch cause its the.
its the time of the season.
when hate runs high.
and this time I wont give it to you easy.
when I take back whats mine.
with pleasured hands.
and torture everyone that is my plan.
my job here isnt done.
cause theres no rhyme or no reason for nothing.


so yeah Dadlets walk.
lets have us a fatherandson talk.
but I bet we wouldnt probably get one block.
without me knocking your block off this is all your fault.
maybe thats why Im so bananas I appealed to all those walks.
of life whoever had strife.
maybe thats what dad and son talks are like.
cause I related to the struggles of young America.
when their fucking parents were unaware of their troubles.
now theyre rippin out their fuckin hair again its hysterical.
i chuckle as everybody bloodies their bare knuckles.
yeah uhoh better beware knuckle heads.
the sign of my hustle says.
dont knock the doors broken it wont lock.
it might just fly open get coldcocked.
you critics come to pay me a visit.
misery loves company please stay a minute.
kryptonite to a hypocrite.
zip your lip if you dish it but cant take it.
too busy gettin stoned in your glass house.
to kick rocks then you wonder why I lash out.
mr Mathers as advertised on the flyers so spread the word.
cause Im promoting my passion til Im passed out.
completely braindead Rain Man.
doing a Bankhead in a restraint chair.
so bitch shoot me a look it better be a blank stare.
or get shanked in the pancreas.
im angrier than all eight other reindeer.
put together with Chief Keef cause I hate every fuckin thang yeah.
even this rhyme bitch.
and quit tryin look for a fuckin reason for it that aint there.
but I still am a Criminal.
tenyearold degenerate grabbin on my genitals.
the last Mathers LP done went diamond.
when will the madness end.
how can it when theres no method to the pad and pen.
the only message that I have to send.
is Dad Im back at it again.

stepping Stone.
take me to the river.
yeah yeah yeah yeah.

its 2002 everything was totally new.
we were globally huge watchin sales go through the roof.
we wrote and we feuded Runyon Avenue soldiers included.
a multitude of homies who would pounce for no good excuse.
we were so bulletproofwrote souped and soaked in our youth.
thought we was runnin shit til we lost the sole of our shoe.
the death of Doody broke us in two.
we were thrown for a loop aint none of us know what to do.
and at the time I was goin through my own struggles too.
so I wasnt in no condition to be coachin us through.
everyone tried to go solo really nobody blew.
i was hopin they do so I aint have to shoulder the crew.
the plan was put everyone in position so that they knew.
how to stand on their own and I dont wanna open up wounds.
i just noticed that oomph was gone when we go in the booth.
cause the truth is the moment that Proof died so did the group.
shoot.

if I could leave this all behind.
i could open up my eyes and walk in a straight line.
down to the river with you.
help me leave this all behind.
ima wash away my sins.
ima rinse away this dirt.
i forgot to make amends.
to all the friends I may have hurt.
i better stop and say my grace.
from it I pray that I dont fall.
cause on the way back down I may.
end up runnin back into them all.
i never meant to use you all as my stepping stones.

it was never the same and its bothered me since.
and the farther we drift apart the more awkward it gets.
the more time goes by the more life happens.
and we gotta be men we got responsibilities.
plus we dont say how we feel.
and I feel like this is what got us in the debacle were in.
been with you guys thick and thin.
but its almost as if sometimes were not even friends.
which reminded me Biz Rockstar was the shit.
yall coulda got you a hit without me on the shit.
if youda put D12 on it wish I coulda did.
more to try talkin you into comin up off it.
i know it wasnt my fault but part of it probably is.
i think of all of the trips to BET.
and the rappers I wish that we woulda politicked with.
maybe yall coulda clicked and got you some features.
but thats water under the bridge.
but Im washin my sins in it til my conscience is cleansed.
if I could leave this all behind.
i could open up my eyes and walk in a straight line.
down to the river with you.
help me leave this all behind.

ima wash away my sins.
ima rinse away this dirt.
i forgot to make amends.
to all the friends I may have hurt.
i better stop and say my grace.
from it I pray that I dont fall.
cause on the way back down I may.
end up runnin back into them all.
i never meant to use you all as my stepping stones.

bacardi and Hen never thought the party would end.
one minute youre bodyin shit but then your audience splits.
you can already sense the climate is startin to shift.
to these kids you no longer exist.
went from rainin cats and dogs in this bitch.
to tiny drops little drips.
and by the time your reign is over youll hardly be missed.
you start thinkin of all the artists you dissed.
all the carnage you left is this the kind of karma you get.
for turnin your fuckin back on Bizzy Kuniva and Swift.
a Freudian slip subconsciously I honestly wished.
i aint feel so much guilt and yall didnt harbor resentment.
but its hard to pretend that yall aint got none.
i just wish I had words but I guess there just are none for this.
to my partners I cant say how sorry I am.
this is not how I planned for our story to end.
i love all of you men.
but I just cant be the guy everybody depends.
on for entire careers cause thats not even fair.
i will always be here but that spark isnt there.
and I dont know how to recapture that time and that era.
ive tried hearkening back to but Im fightin for air.
im barely chartin myself.
feels like Im on the descent but it was not my intent.
to treat yall like a stepping stone.
though I aint left no one behind but we been down every road.
done all we possibly can I know we kept our hopes up.
but the longer we spend livin this lie that we live.
the less is left for closure so lets let this go.
its not goodbye to our friendship but D12 is over.
ima wash away my sins.
ima rinse away this dirt.
i forgot to make amends.
to all the friends I may have hurt.
i better stop and say my grace.
from it I pray that I dont fall.
cause on the way back down I may.
end up runnin back into them all.
i never meant to use you all as my stepping stones.

i never meant to make you feel like my stepping stones.
i never meant to use you all for my stepping.

infinite.
its Eminem baby.
back up in that motherfuckin ass.
we represent the 313you know what Im sayin.
yo they dont know shit about this for the 96.

ayo my pen and paper cause a chain reaction.
to get your brain relaxin the zany actin maniac in action.
a brainiac in fact son you mainly lack attraction.
you look insanely wack when just a fraction of my tracks runs.
my rhymin skills got you climbin hills.
i travel through your mind and chill your spine like siren drills.
im slimin grills of roaches with spray that disinfects.
and twistin necks of rappers til their spinal column disconnects.
put this in decks and check the monologue turn your system up.
twist em up and indulge in the marijuana smog.
this is the season for noise pollution contamination.
examination of more cartunes than animation.
my lamination of narerration hits a snare and bass.
on a track for duck rapper interrogation.
when I declare invasion there aint no time to be starin gazin.
i turn the stage into a barren wasteland.
im infinite.
you heard of Hell well I was sent from it.
i went to it servin a sentence for murderin instruments.
now Im tryin to repent from it but when I hear the beat.
im tempted to make another attempt at it.
im infinite.

bust it I let the beat commence.
so I can beat the sense in your elite defense.
i got some meat to mince.
some fruit to stomp and then two feet to rinse.
i greet the gents and ladies I spoil loyal fans.
i foil plans and leave fluids leakin like oil pans.
my coiled hands around this microphone are lethal.
one thought in my cerebral is deeper than a jeepfull of people.
mCs are feeble I came to cause some pandemonium.
battle a band of phony MCs and stand the lonely one.
imitator intimidator stimulator.
simulator of data eliminator.
theres never been a greater since the burial of Jesus.
fuck around and catch all the venereal diseases.
my thesisll smash a stereo to pieces.
my acappella releases classic masterpieces through telekinesis.
it eases you mentally gently.
sentimentally instrumentally.
with entity dementedly meant to be infinite.
you heard of Hell well I was sent from it.
i went to it servin a sentence for murderin instruments.
now Im tryin to repent from it but when I hear the beat.
im tempted to make another attempt at it.
im infinite.

man I got evidence Im never dense.
and Ive been clever ever since.
my residence was hesitant to do some shit that represents the MO.
so Im assumin all responsibility.
cause theres a monster real in me that always wants to kill MCs.
mic nestler slammin like a wrestler.
here to make a mess of a lyricsmugglin embezzler.
no one is specialer my skill is intergalactical.
i get cynical act a fool then I send a crew back to school.
i never packed a tool or acted cool it wasnt practical.
id rather let a tactical tactful track tickle your fancy.
in fact I cant see or cant imagine.
a man who aint a lover of beats or a fan of scratchin.
so this is for my family the kid who had a cameo.
on my last jam plus the man who never had a plan B.
be all you can be.
cause once you make an instant hit Im tensed a bit.
and tempted when I see the sins my friends commit.
im infinite.
you heard of Hell well I was sent from it.
i went to it servin a sentence for murderin instruments.
now Im tryin to repent from it but when I hear the beat.
im tempted to make another attempt at it.
im infinite.
you heard of Hell well I was sent from it.
i went to it servin a sentence for murderin instruments.
now Im tryin to repent from it but when I hear the beat.
im tempted to make another attempt at it.
im infinite.


role Model.
okay Im going to attempt to drown myself.
you can try this at home.
you can be just like me.
mic check onetwo we recordin.
im cancerous so when I diss you wouldnt wanna answer this.
if you responded back with a battle rap you wrote for Canibus.
ill strangle you to death then Ill choke you again.
and break your fuckin legs til your bones poke through your skin.
you beef with me Ima even the score equally.
take you on Jerry Springer and beat your ass legally.
i get too blunted off of funny home grown.
cause when I smoke out I hit the trees harder than Sonny Bono.
that would mean I lie and get fucked more than the President does.
hilary Clinton tried to slap me and call me a pervert.
my nerves hurt and lately Im on edge.
every girl I ever went out with has gone les.
follow me and do exactly what the song says.
smoke weed take pills drop out of school kill people.
and drink jump behind the wheel like it was still legal.
im dumb enough to walk in a store and steal.
so Im dumb enough to ask for a date with Lauryn Hill.
some people only see that Im white ignorin skill.
cause I stand out like a green hat with a orange bill.
but I dont get pissed yall dont even see through the mist.
how the fuck can I be white I dont even exist.
i get a clean shave bathe go to a rave.
die from an overdose and dig myself up out of my grave.
my middle finger wont go down how do I wave.
and this is how Im supposed to teach kids how to behave.
now follow me and do exactly what you see.
dont you wanna grow up to be just like me.
i slap women and eat shrooms then OD.
now dont you want to grow up to be just like me.

me and Marcus Allen went over to see Nicole.
when we heard a knock at the door mustve been Ron Gold.
jumped behind the door put the orgy on hold.
killed them both then smeared blood on the white Bronco.
i slapped Garth Brooks out of his rhinestone shirt.
im not a player just a ill rhyme sayer.
thatll spray a aerosol can up at the ozone layer.
my rap styles warped Im runnin out the morgue.
with your dead grandmothers corpse to throw it on your porch.
jumped in a Chickenhawk cartoon with a cape on.
and beat up Foghorn Leghorn with an acorn.
im bout as normal as Norman Bates with deformative traits.
a premature birth that was four minutes late.
mother are you there I love you.
will someone please explain to my brain.
that I just severed the main vein with a chainsaw and Im in pain.
i take a breather and sigh either Im high or Im nuts.
cause if you aint tiltin this room neither am I.
so when you see your mom with a thermometer shoved in her ass.
then it probably is obvious I got it on with her.
cause when I drop this solo shit its over with.
i bought Cages tape opened it and dubbed over it.
i came to the club drunk with a fake ID.
dont you wanna grow up to be just like me.
ive been with ten women who got HIV.
now dont you wanna grow up to be just like me.
i got genital warts and it burns when I pee.
dont you wanna grow up to be just like me.
i tie a rope around my penis and jump from a tree.
you probably wanna grow up to be just like.

campaign Speech.
386 ContributorsCampaign Speech LyricsJumped out of the 2nd floor of a record store.
with a Treacherous Four cassette and a cassette recorder.
in Ecuador with Edward Norton.
witness the metamorphosis.
of a legend growin like an expert swordsman.
from the Hessian war and.
hence the origin of the Headless Horseman.
born with the endorphins of a pathetic orphan.
endless source and reservoir.
of extension cords in dresser drawers.
and deadbolts on the bedroom doors.
and sexual torture kits kept in a separate storage bin.
excellent boyfriend.
use intercourse to settle scores.
with women who have vendettas towards men.
dickhead is forced in til theres shredded foreskin.
reddish torn and theyre only bein fed a portion.
bed sores and sore shins.
pregnant whores can get abortions.
fetish for stickin metal forks in selfabsorption.
skeletor I went to Hell and fell a floor.
a predator Im headed for competitors.
better warn em what I lack in tact and a set of morals.
i make up for in metaphors like a cosmetic store.
stegosaurus Chuck Norris with a thesaurus.
yes of course a mess of warrants.
you want some Come and get some boys.
im givin Daniel Pantaleo a refresher course.
on excessive force and pressure points.
and dressin George Zimmerman in a fluorescent orange.
dress and four inch heels to address the court.
with a bullseye on his back his whole chest and torso.
are left on the doorsteps of Trayvons dad as a present for him.
you might also likeIn my present form Im Desert Storm.
appetite for destruction theres no suppressant for.
aggressive forceful and less remorseful in every morsel.
unpleasant horrible hello gorgeous.
the rebel with devil horns just fell off the yellow short bus.
met a contortionist said When you wanna get sexual.
she said However I fit in your schedule Im flexible.
expired tags on the Saturn got Catherine Bach.
in the back in Daisy Dukes with the hazards on.
at a traffic stop gettin harassed sign an autograph.
for this asshole cops daughter.
laugh cause I called her a brat on it.
he spat on it and brought it back lookin half in shock.
had a heart attack and dropped dead.
started fallin back with it.
and got slapped with a Colin Kaepernick practice sock.
one ball and half a dick Apple Watch.
crack front axle walked in a Bass Pro Shop with David Hasselhoff pulled Tabasco sauce out of my satchel.
knocked over a fishermans tackle box and crash sound.
asked if they had a laugh in stock.
that was fuckin stupid.
you got it twisted all cause I offered this bitch.
a doggie biscuit you call me misogynistic.
bitch get to massagin this dick.
like spas in this bitch slob on it with gobs of lipstick.
got a shoppin list for you to run some odds and ends with.
theres not a bitch on this earth I can be monogamous with.
shes nonexistent.
robin Thicke with a throbbin dick on some suave and slick shit.
but I shout derogatives at bitches like fuckin missile launches.
misfit blond and nitwit.
like Ive gone ballistic with a frostin tip kit.
screamed I hate blondes and became one Im optimistic.
love to start shit.
shovin Clark Kents undergarments in the glove compartment.
of the bucket bumpin Bubba Sparxxx.
im double parkin up at Targets trouble causer a double crosser.
shadiest mothafucka youll ever come across.
olympic gymnast been known for some assaults.
a couple lawsuits enough to cause a stomach ulcer.
same damn brain scan results as Rainmans is.
somethings off but when Dustin Hoffmans.
dressin up in your mummy costume.
on stage dancin to Brain Damage whats the problem.
nothings wrong the name brand is back to reclaim status.
run the faucet Ima dunk.
a bunch of Trump supporters underwater.
snuck up on em in RayBans in a gray van with a spray tan.
its a wrap like an ACE bandage.
dontgiveafuck persona to my last DNA strand.
eJ in the waistband at the VMAs with the stagehand.
she wants kielbasa prearrange an escape plan.
threeinch blade on point like a SeeandSay.
consider me a dangerous man.
but you should be afraid of this dang candidate.
you say Trump dont kiss ass like a puppet.
cause he runs his campaign with his own cash for the fundin.
and thats what you wanted.
a fuckin loose cannon whos blunt with his hand on the button.
who doesnt have to answer to no onegreat idea.
if I was president gettin off is.
the first order of business once I get in office.
second thing thatll make me happys walkin up to Uncle Sam.
naked laughin dick cupped in hand.
screamin Fuck safe sex.
throw a latex and an AIDS test at him.
tell Congress I run this land.
and I want the rubber banned and make it snappy.
addiction to friction and static.
addict who cant escape the habit.
continue to chase the dragon.
but as fate would have it I walked up in Major Magics.
dressed as the maintenance man.
in a laser tag vest and a racin jacket.
with a gauge to blast it.
and sped away in the station wagon.
stacey Dashs and Casey Anthonys.
crazy asses in the backseat.
throwin Stayfree pads at me.
dead passenger in the passenger seat.
unfasten the safety latches.
and slam on the brakes in traffic so hard.
i snapped the relocation brackets for the monster tires.
finna get a murder case and catch it.
like you threw it at me encased in plastic.
and send Dylann Roof through the windshield of the Benz.
until he spins like a pinwheel and begins feelin.
like a windmiller with a thin build while his skins peelin.
and skids til he hits a cement pillar.
swing for the fence like Prince Fielder.
knock it into the upper peninsula.
you wanna go against zilla The Rap God.
when will I quit Never been realer.
the instiller of fear not even a scintilla of doubt.
whose pens iller than Prince in a chinchilla.
or Ben Stiller in a suspense thriller.
revenge killer avenge syllable binge.
fill a syringe til I.
draw first blood.
even pop shit on my pop shit and its popular.
couldnt be more awkwarder.
cause your innocence I robbed you of.
its my fingers that got stuck up.
taught ya ta not give a.
slapstick hockey puck.
the broad hunter with the sawed off.
like an arm when its lopped off of ya.
but Im not gonna get the shotgun.
or Glock Ima opt for the ox.
cause Im into objects that are sharp when I shop.
and its not a shock Im such an obnoxious fucker.
the Rock Hudson of rock cause who would have thought.
this much of a cocksucker to go across the buttocks of Vivica Fox with a box cutter.
that was for 50 little slap on the wrist be warned.
im unravelin quickly.
my squabbles Im grappling with your time traveling with me.
try and follow as I wobble relapse into history with a flask of the whiskey.
tip it back then Im twisting wine bottles.
like what happened to Chris Reeves spine column.
thats the plan of attack when Im fixing my problems.
wish my chest wasnt having to get these rhymes off em.
but the fact that I have so many rappers against me mind boggles.
and why I havent come back on these faggots who diss me is.
more of a spectacular mystery than a fucking Agatha Christie crime novel.

but my patience is wearing thin.
swear I been contemplatin rubbing shit in your face til I smear it in.
diss you in every lyric until you fear the pen.
and never appear again.
if you actually had fuckin careers to end.
but then I think of Molly Qerim and I steer em in that direction and forget my ideas for them.
molly Im gone off you.
man light some kush.
youre my first take Ill nail you.
cant lie I gush.
if I won you over you would be the grand prize.
im entranced by your looks come and give the Shady franchise a push.
you can get it in the can like some AnheuserBusch.
jeans too small least three pant sizes tush.
mushed against your damn side your puss.
and thighs are squished.
what kind of attires that.
im ready to be rode.
psychopath bet you well get it poppin like a flat.
light the match to ignite the wrath.
got knives to slash and slice hermaphrodites in halves.
piper Chapmans might just have to picket me.
like a scab.
hard to describe in fact.
startling violent perhaps.
are things that come to mind as soon as I start spitting rhymes like that.
and you arent really surprised at that.
but as far as these lines I rap.
and these bars wouldnt dial it back if I star 69ed the track.
why am I such a.

8 Mile.
its alright its okay.
im gonna make it anyway.
gonna make it cant give up now.
ima make it somehow.

sometimes I just feel like quittin I still might.
why do I put up this fight Why do I still write.
sometimes its hard enough just dealin with real life.
sometimes I wanna jump on stage and just kill mics.
and show these people what my level of skills like.
but Im still white sometimes I just hate life.
somethin aint right hit the brake lights.
case of the stage fright drawin a blank like.
daduhduhdada it aint my fault.
great big eyeballs my insides crawl.
and I clam up I just slam shut.
i just cant do it my whole manhoods.
just been stripped I have just been victd.
so I must then get off the bus then split.
man fuck this shit yo Im goin the fuck home.
world on my shoulders as I run back to this 8 Mile Road.

im a man Ima make a new plan.
time for me to just stand up and travel new land.
time for me to just take matters into my own hands.
once Im over these tracks man Ima never look back.
sorry Momma Im grown I must travel alone.
aint gon follow no footsteps Im makin my own.
only way that I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Road.
im walkin these train tracks tryna regain back.
the spirit I had fore I go back to the same crap.
to the same plant in the same pants.
tryna chase rap gotta move ASAP.
and get a new plan Mommas got a new man.
poor little baby sister she dont understand.
sits in front of the TV buries her nose in the pad.
and just colors until the crayon gets dull in her hand.
while she colors her big brother and mother and dad.
aint no tellin what really goes on in her little head.
wish I could be the daddy that neither one of us had.
but I keep runnin from somethin I never wanted so bad.
sometimes I get upset cause I aint blew up yet.
its like I grew up but I aint grow me two nuts yet.
dont gotta rep my step dont got enough pep.
the pressures too much man Im just tryna do whats best.
and I try sit alone and I cry.
yo I wont tell no lie not a moment goes by.
that I dont pray to the sky please Im beggin you God.
please dont let me be pigeonholed in no regular job.
yo I hope you can hear me homie wherever you are.
yo Im tellin you dawg Im bailin this trailer tomorrow.
tell my mother I love her kiss baby sister goodbye.
say whenever you need me baby Im never too far.
but yo I gotta get out there the only way I know.
and Ima be back for you the second that I blow.
on everything I own Ill make it on my own.
off to work I go back to this 8 Mile Road.
im a man gotta make a new plan.
time for me to just stand up and travel new land.
time for me to just take matters into my own hands.
once Im over these tracks man Ima never look back.
sorry Momma Im grown I must travel alone.
aint gon follow no footsteps Im makin my own.
only way that I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Road.

you gotta live it to feel it you didnt you wouldnt get it.
or see what the big deal is why it was and it still is.
to be walkin this borderline of Detroit city limits.
its different its a certain significance a certificate.
of authenticity youd never even see.
but its everything to me its my credibility.
you never seen heard smelled or met a real MC.
whos incredible or on the same pedestal as me.
but yet Im still unsigned havin a rough time.
sit on the porch with all my friends and kick dumb rhymes.
go to work and serve MCs in the lunchline.
but when it comes crunch time where do my punchlines go.
who must I show to bust my flow.
where must I go Who must I know.
or am I just another crab in the bucket.
cause I aint havin no luck with this little rabbits foot fuck it.
maybe I need a new outlet Im startin to doubt shit.
im feelin a little skeptical who I hang out with.
i look like a bum yo my clothes aint about shit.
at the Salvation Army tryna salvage an outfit.
and its cold tryna travel this road.
plus I feel like Im always stuck in this battlin mode.
my defenses are so up but one thing I dont want.
is pity from no one this city is no fun.
there is no sun and its so dark.
sometimes I feel like Im just bein pulled apart.
from each one of my limbs by each one of my friends.
its enough to just make me wanna jump out of my skin.
sometimes I feel like a robot sometimes I just know not.
what Im doin I just blow my head is a stove top.
i just explode the kettle gets so hot.
sometimes my mouth just overloads the ass that I dont got.
but Ive learned its time for me to Uturn.
yo it only takes one time for me to get burned.
aint no fallin no next time I meet a new girl.
i can no longer play stupid or be immature.
i got every ingredient all I need is the courage.
like I already got the beat all I need is the words.
got the urge suddenly its a surge.
suddenly a new burst of energy has occurred.
time to show these Free World leaders the three and a third.
i am no longer scared now Im free as a bird.
then I turn and cross over the median curb.
hit the burbs and all you see is a blur from 8 Mile Road.
im a man gotta make a new plan.
time for me to just stand up and travel new land.
time for me to just take matters into my own hands.
once Im over these tracks man Ima never look back.
sorry Momma Im grown I must travel alone.
aint gon follow no footsteps Im makin my own.
only way that I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Road.

zeus.
fair weather wishywashy.
keep those monsters in the closet.
thats how I had a whole planet that roots for me.
as in Trotter I keep slaughterin beats.
shout out to Beatminerz and TMinus.
but me long as I breathe promise to be honest.
and wholeheartedly apologies Rihanna.
for that song that leaked Im sorry Ri.
it wasnt meant to cause you grief.
regardless it was wrong of me but.

when they say You aint the GOAT I come down like Who.
but I got my head in the clouds like Zeus.
swear I can see the game from a birdseye view ayy.
bitch you talkin to a rap god ayy.
girl you talkin to a monsta ayy.
you could give your whole damn life to the music thing.
they gon turn around like they dont love you.
yeah they woke a giant up.
so when I get back on my feet dont wonder why in the.
who dyin to cancel my ass like Aunt Jemima syrup.
im a shitstirrer youre a dimea.
dozen said I couldnt do it.

when they say You aint the GOAT I come down like Who.
but I got my head in the clouds like Zeus.
swear I can see the game from a birdseye view ayy.
bitch you talkin to a rap god ayy.
girl you talkin to a monsta ayy.
you could give your whole damn life to the music thing.
they gon turn around.

ive seen them come and go.
theyll be calling you a trash bin.
sayin that your new one isnt better than your last and.
even if it is once they start to turn their backs.
they aint never comin back in.
they did it to Chance.
or sayin Adiós to Migos.
same people been tryna do the shit to me so.
but a fighters all I knew how to be.
best two out of three yeah.
so the only bottom Ima be hittin is if its sodomy.
how Im choppin these bars.
they keep wantin me to rap responsibly.
when Im constantly passin the buck like the fuckin Dollar Tree.
but Ima always remind you that I came from poverty.
black people saved my life from the Doc and Deshaun.
and all that we want is racial equality.
rIP Laquan McDonald Trayvon and Breonna.
atatiana Rayshard and Dominique.
eric Garner and Rodney King.
no we cant get along til these white motherfuckin cops.
and as far as squashin beef Im used to people knockin me.
but just not in my camp.
and diplomatic as Im tryna be.
last thing I need is Snoop doggin me.
i had dog backwards.
but Im startin to think all these people takin shots at me.
shit its no wonder.
i be on my own head up in the clouds like Zeus.
when they say You aint the GOAT I come down like Who.
but I got my head in the clouds like Zeus.
swear I can see the game from a birdseye view ayy.
bitch you talkin to a rap god ayy.
girl you talkin to a monsta ayy.
you could give your whole damn life to the music thing.
they gon turn around like they dont love.

guilty Conscience.
meet Eddie 23 years old.
fed up with life and the way things are going.
he decides to rob a liquor store.
but on his way in he has a sudden change of heart.

now before you walk in the door of this liquor store.
and try to get money out the drawer.
im your motherfuckin conscience.
thats nonsense.
go in gaffle the money and run to one of your aunts cribs.
and borrow a damn dress and one of her blond wigs.
tell her you need a place to stay youll be safe for days.
if you shave your legs with Renees razor blades.
yeah but if it all goes through like its supposed to.
the whole neighborhood knows you and theyll expose you.
think about it before you walk in the door first.
look at the store clerk shes older than George Burns.
fuck that do that shit shoot that bitch.
can you afford to blow this shit Are you that rich.
why you give a fuck if she dies Are you that bitch.
do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids.
dont even listen to Slim yo hes bad for you.
you know what Dre I dont like your attitude.
come on just come in here for a minute.
i dont know.
look look look.
damn.
look its gonna be alright alright.
ookay.
look give me a kiss pull your pants off come on.

meet Stan 21 years old.
after meeting a young girl at a rave party.
things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom.
once again his conscience comes into play.

now listen to me while youre kissin her cheek.
and smearin her lipstick slip this in her drink.
now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitchs earlobe.
yo this girls only fifteen years old.
you shouldnt take advantage of her its not fair.
fuck this bitch right here on the spot bare.
til she passes out and she forgot how she got there.
man aint you ever seen that one movie Kids.
no but I seen the porno with Sun Doobiest.
shit you wanna get hauled off to jail.
man fuck that hit that shit raw dog then bail.
here I lay.
meet Grady a 29yearold construction worker.
after coming home from a hard days work.
he walks in the door of his trailer park home.
to find his wife in bed with another man.

alright calm down relax start breathin.
fuck that shit you just caught this bitch cheatin.
while you at work shes with some dude tryna get off.
fuck slittin her throat cut this bitchs head off.
wait what if theres an explanation for this shit.
what she tripped fell landed on his dick.
tsh alright Shady maybe hes right Grady.
but think about the baby before you get all crazy.
okay thought about it Still wanna stab her.
grab her by the throat get your daughter and kidnap her.
thats what I did be smart dont be a retard.
you gonna take advice from somebody who slapped Dee Barnes.
what you say.
whats wrong Didnt think Id remember.
ima kill you motherfucker.
uhuh temper temper.
mr Dre Mr NWA Mr AK.
comin straight outta Compton yall better make way.
how in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent.
cause he dont need to go the same route that I went.
been there done that.
aw fuck it what am I sayin.
shoot em both Grady wheres your gun.

kings Never Die.
here to stay.
even when Im gone.
when I close my eyes.
through the passage of time.
kings never die.

i can hear the drummer drummin.
and the trumpets someones tryna summon someone.
i know somethings comin.
but Im runnin from it to be standing at the summit.
and plummet how come it wasnt what I thought it was.
was it too good to be true.
have nothin get it all but too much of it.
then lose it again did I swallow hallucinogens.
cause if not where the hell did it go.
cause here I sit in Lucifers den by the dutch oven.
just choosing to sin even if it means Im sellin my soul.
just to be the undisputed again.
do whatever I gotta do just to win.
cause I got this motherfuckin cloud over my head.
crown around it thorns on it.
cracks in it bet you morons didnt think Id be back did ya.
how bout that Im somehow now back to the underdog.
but no matter how loud that I bark.
this sport is somethin I never bowout at.
i complain about the game I shout and I pout its a lovehate.
but I found out that I can move a mountain of doubt.
even when you bitches are countin me out.
and I appear to be down for the count.
only time I ever been out and about.
is drivin around town with my fuckin whereabouts in a doubt.
cause I been lost tryna think of what I did to get here.
but Im not a quitter gotta get up give it all I got or give up.
spit on shit on stepped on but kept goin.
im tryna be headstrong.
but it feels like I slept on my neck wrong.
cause youre moving onto the next but is your respect gone.
cause someone told me that.
kings never die.

dont give me that sob story liar dont preach to the choir.
you aint never even had to reach in the fire to dig deep.
nobody ever handed me shit in life not even a flyer.
wouldnt even take shit into consideration.
obliterate anyone in the way.
i think I see why a lot of rappers get on these features.
and try to show out on a track with me.
but itd actually have to be.
a fuckin blowout to get me to retire.
tell these new artists that kings never die.
i know shit has changed in this age fuck a Twitter page.
did it just say Ive been upstaged.
why am I online Its driving me crazy.
im ridin shotgun tryna get a gauge.
on whats hot but Im not one to conform.
but as days pass in this shit.
and opinions sway I can hear em say.
if I stay passionate maybe I can stage a miraculous.
comeback as if I went away.
but detractors just say so much for the renegade.
someones gonna make me blow my composure.
here I go again center stage and I feel like Im in a cage.
they so want a champion to fall.
its no wonder why I laugh at em.
cause why cant we win em all.
so fuck what these cynics say.
it just goes to show that when my backs against the wall.
and Im under attack again that Ill act as if Im posed ta.
with this pentup rage cause all these plaques in my office.
on the floor stacked against the door.
are they just metaphors for the odds of me comin back again.
cause all the accomplishments accolades awards.
and trophies just dont mean jack anymore.
if Im here today and gone tomorrow and Im not gonna be.
here to stay.
even when Im gone.
when I close my eyes.
through the passage of time.
kings never die.

i want it Im comin to get it.
so you son of a bitches dont duck.
youre gonna get Riddick Bowed.
criticsll end up in critical.
think your shit is dope all youre gonna get is smoked.
and I aint stopping til Im on top again.
all alone and on a throne like a token of respect.
or a homage poem or an ode Ive been owed.
tossed in the air by my own arm.
and launched so hard it broke my collarbone.
and when its my time to go.
im still not leaving stop for no one I dont know.
but Ive been told an obstacle that blocks your road ya.
knock it over time to go for the pot of gold cause.

they say kings never die.
just ask Jam Master Jay.
they just grow wings and they fly.
so hands up reach for the sky.
try to hold on and prolong these moments.
cause in a blink of an eye.
theyll be over.
so youre tryna secure your legacy like Shakur.
and ensure nobodys ever gonna be what you were.
so before youre leavin this Earth.
you want people to feel the fury of a pure evil cerebral berserk.
deacon of words syllable genius at work.
plus Im thinkin that theyre mistakin my kindness for weakness kill em with meanness.
i went from powdered milk and Farina.
to flippin burgers on the grill for some peanuts.
at Gilberts to arenas call me Gilbert Arenas.
still appeal to the dreamers.
i made it to the silverscreen.
but Rockys still what the theme is.
khalil on the beat cause makin the beat.
aint the same feelin to me as killin the beat is.
or fulfillin to me is what fillin a seat is.
its that soundbombing Thirstin Howl.
common underground Diamond D Outsidaz.
stomach growl throbbin hunger outrhymin everyone.
god just give me one shot I swear that I wont let you down.
ima be around foreverandaday even in the ground.
you aint never ever gonna hear em say I aint.
here to stay.
even when Im gone.
when I close my eyes.
through the passage of time.
kings never die.
kings never.

fACK.

this bitch can twist like a damn contortionist.
condom on my dick Of course it is.
this bitch dont know what abortion is.
so I cant cum in her fucks like a porn star.
looks like Jenna fack Im gonna.
cum I think my rubbers comin off.
but oh its so fucking wet and soft.
fuck Im gonna start lettin off.
im squirting and shes not gettin off.
and shes on top Im gonna facking.
oh God oh dont do that.
dont stop stop dont I dont mean dont stop.
ow wait a minute ow ow fuck.

ooh ow I need a cigarette now.
ow Im so fucking hot.
and youre so fucking hot.
oh my god I wanna facking fack.
no not fuck I said fack.
fACK FACK.
fack fack fack facking freak me.
oh yeah girl see baby they call me Mr Freaky.
lets call your sister threeway.
have some threesome me so horny.
and youre such a fucking babe.
i wanna go down on youfuck you shaved.
oh goddamn here I go again.
im gonna cum I am.


im Slim Shady uh uh uh.
im Slim Shady uh uh uh.
im Slim Shady uh uh uh.
im Slim Shady uh uh uh.
okay Im done I already came twice.
you aint gonna make me cum.
im all outta gas not so fast.
uh your finger just went in my ass.
ow that hurts take it out now.
oh wait a minute aw.
put it back in ininin.
this dont mean Im gay I dont like men.
i like boobs boobs boobs.
now see that gerbil grab that tube.
shove it up my butt.
let that little rascal nibble on my asshole uhh.
yeah right there right there.
ahh Im cumming oh yeah.
fack I just came again.
okay pull it out now enhh.
oh fuck yeah.
wait hes not out hes still crawling around up there.
ow fuck I think its stuck.
ow but it feels so fucking good.

shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube.
shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube.
shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube.
shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube.
ew ew ew.

the Warning.
only reason I dissed you in the first place.
is cause you denied seeing me now Im pissed off.

sit back homie relax in fact grab a six pack.
kick back while I kick facts yeah Dresick track.
perfect way to get back wanna hear something wickwack.
i got the same exact tat thats on Nicks back.
im obsessed now oh gee.
is that supposed to be me in the video with the goatee.
wow Mariah didnt expect you to go balls out.
bitch shut the fuck up fore I put all them phone calls out.
you made to my house when you was wildin out before Nick.
when you was on my dick and give you something to smile about.
how many times you fly to my house still tryin to count.
better shut your lyin mouth if you dont want Nick findin out.
you probably think cause its been so long.
if I had something on you I woulda did it by now.
oh on the contrary Mary Poppins Im mixin our studio session down.
and sendin it to masterin to make it loud.
enough dirt on you to murder you.
this is what the fuck I do Mariah it ever occur to you.
that I still have pictures However you prefer to do.
and that goes for Nick too faggot you think Im scurred of you.
youre gonna ruin my career you better get one.
like Ima sit and fight with you over some slut bitch cunt.
that made me put up with her psycho ass over six months.
and only spread her legs to let me hit once yeah.
what you gonna say Im lucky Tell the public that I was so ugly.
that you fuckin had to be drunk to fuck me.
second base what the fuck you tell Nick Pumpkin.
the second week we were dry humpin thats gotta count for somethin.
listen girly surely you dont want me to talk about how I nutted early.
cause I ejaculated prematurely.
and bust all over your belly and you almost started hurling.
and said I was gross go get a towel your stomachs curling.
or maybe you do.
but if Im embarrassin me Im embarrassin you and dont you dare say it isnt true.
as long as that songs gettin airplay Im dissin you.
im a hair away from gettin carried away and gettin sued.
i was gonna stop at sixteen that was thirtytwo.
this is thirtyfour bars we aint even third of the way through.
damn Slim Mariah played you Mariah who.
like Ive been goin off on you all this time.
for no reason girl you out your alcoholic mind.
check your wine cellar look at the amounts of all the wine.
like I fuckin sit around and think about you all the time.
i just think this shit is funny when I pounce you on a rhyme.
but fuck it now Im bout to draw the line.
and for you to cross it thats a mountain that I doubt you wanna climb.
i can describe areas of your house you wouldnt find.
on an episode of Cribs a blow below the ribs.
if I hear another word so dont go openin your jibs.
cause every time you do its like an overload of fibs.
i aint sayin this shit again ho you know what it is.
its a warning shot fore I blow up your whole spot.
call my bluff and Ill release every fuckin thing I got.
includin the voicemails right before you flipped your top.
when me and Luis were tryin to stick two CDs in the same slot.
slim Shady artful dodger.
slim Shady artful dodger.

let me whisper sweet nothings into your ear boo.
now should I keep goin or should we call truce.
well tell her to shut her mouth then Ill leave her alone.
damn.

i see Mary Ann Mary Anns saying cut the tape.
cut the tape.

hailies Song.
dada dada.
yo I cant sing but.
i feel like singing.
i wanna fuckin sing.
cause Im happy.
yeah Im happy.
i got my baby back.
yo check it out.

some days I sit starin out the window.
watchin this world pass me by.
sometimes I think theres nothin to live for.
i almost break down and cry.
sometimes I think Im crazy.
im crazy oh so crazy.
why am I here Am I just wastin my time.
but then I see my baby.
suddenly Im not crazy.
it all makes sense when I look into her eyes oh no.

cause sometimes it feels like the worlds on my shoulders.
everyones leanin on me.
cause sometimes it feels like the worlds almost over.
but then she comes back to me.
my baby girl keeps gettin older.
i watch her grow up with pride.
people make jokes cause they dont understand me.
they just dont see my real side.
i act like shit dont faze me.
inside it drives me crazy.
my insecurities could eat me alive.
but then I see my baby.
suddenly Im not crazy.
it all makes sense when I look into her eyes oh no.

cause sometimes it feels like the worlds on my shoulders.
everyones leanin on me.
cause sometimes it feels like the worlds almost over.
but then she comes back to me.

man if I could sing Id keep singin this song to my daughter.
if I could hit the notes Id blow somethin as long as my father.
to show her how I feel about her how proud I am that I got her.
god Im a daddy Im so glad that her mom didnt reh tnaw.
now you probably get this picture from my public persona.
that Im a pistolpackin drug addict who bags on his momma.
but I wanna just take this time out to be perfectly honest.
cause theres a lot of shit I keep bottled that hurts deep inside of.
my soul and just know that I grow colder the older I grow.
this boulder on my shoulder gets heavy and harder to hold.
and this load is like the weight of the world.
and I think my neck is breakin.
should I just give up or try to live up to these expectations.
now look I love my daughter more than life in itself.
but I got a wife thats determined to make my life livin hell.
but I handle it well given the circumstances Im dealt.
so many chances man its too bad coulda had someone else.
but the years that Ive wasted is nothin to the tears that Ive tasted.
so heres what Im facin three felonies six years of probation.
ive went to jail for this woman.
ive been to bat for this woman.
ive taken bats to peoples backs.
bent over backwards for this woman.
man I shoulda seen it comin whatd I stick my penis up in.
wouldnt have ripped the prenup up if Ida seen what she was fuckin.
but fuck it its over theres no more reason to cry no more.
i got my baby maybe the only lady that I adore.
hailie So sayonara try tomorrow nice to know ya.
our babys traveled back to the arms of her rightful owner.
and suddenly it seems like my shoulder blades have just shifted.
its like the greatest gift you can get the weight has been lifted.
and.
now it dont feel like the worlds on my shoulders.
everyones leanin on me.
cause my baby knows that her daddys a soldier.
nothin can take her from me.

wooo Told you I cant sing.
oh wellI tried.
hailie member when I said.
if you ever need anything Daddy would be right there.
guess whatDaddys here.
and I aint goin nowhere baby.

wicked Ways.
im getting by with my wicked ways.
im loading up and Im taking names.
i wanna dig my way to hell.
i wanna dig my way to hell.
im getting by with my wicked ways.
im loading up and Im taking names.
i wanna dig my way to hell.
i wanna dig my way to hell.

guess I got a way with words I could get away with murder.
ever heard of Aspergers Its a rare condition.
its what youre sufferin from when you simply dont care if its an.
eighty degree day and theres no frickin air conditionin.
and you cant see the bitchs hair is frizzin.
cause you got the windows up blarin the system.
in your Chevrolet Prizm.
the devil aint on a level same as him.
picture someone who revels in straight masochism.
and imagine him givin an adjective an asswhoopin.
so bad they should put his ass in prison.
a word bully I verbally abuse verbs.
like they did somethin to me personally.
used to get bullied so Id cut class and ditch it.
cadillac from a K Car.
my ass from a hole in the ground still cant tell em apart.
came straight out the trailer park.
screamin Im proud to shop at KMart and it became art.
and Im still fed up and as pissed off as they are.
to this day I still get in fights with the same broad.
at the same Walmart arguin over the same cart.
in the middle of the aisle whilin I dont give a fuck I dont play.
bitch you think you saw this basket first.
youre ass backwards like motherfuckin Bob and Silent Jay.
illest shit you could think I would say.
minds like a pile of clay.
whens the last time that you saw a villain with a cape.
ripped a gapin hole in it flipped out.
ripped down the drapes tied em around my neck.
slipped fell straight down to the ground.
splattered all over the entire state.
and straight to hell got impaled by the gates.
saw Satan stuck his face in an ashtray.
while I sashayed around flames with a match.
and I gave him the gas face.
and this aint got nothin to do with a scale.
or being gay little faggot but by the way.
thoughts are gettin darker by the day.
im a combination of Skylar Grey.
tyler the Creator and Violent J.
its a fuckin miracle to be this lyrical.
paint my face with clown makeup and a smiley face.
im insane every rhyme I say.
suns you like an ultraviolet ray.
im sellin hatred buffet style all the shit you can eat.
1199 so come on and pile a plate.
im throwin down the gauntlet to see what hell I can raise.
with the rhyme Im spittin while Im shittin on competition.
in the meantime its always mean time Im gettin.
im getting by with my wicked ways.
im loading up and Im taking names.
i wanna dig my way to hell.
i wanna dig my way to hell.
im getting by with my wicked ways.
im loading up and Im taking names.
i wanna dig my way to hell.
i wanna dig my way to hell.

ive been a career asshole.
i dont see why these people always got my back.
i done said so much fucked up shit.
i was born a mistake but I was put here not by accident.
i had a purpose and that purpose.
was to beat a beat purplish slaughter tracks.
i done put my two dimes and a nickel in this shit.
im comin to get that quarter back.
like Ndamukong the drama can build.
your mama can ask me for my autograph.
cause that cougars a MILF.
shes the oldest trick in the book but I sure would fall for that.
you done brought a bat to a rocket launcher fight.
when I get on the mic Ima snap.
make you wish the ambulance that took me to the hospital.
when I overdosed woulda caught a flat.
if it makes you sick to your stomach acid indigestion.
my suggestions Kaopectate.
if it feels like Im runnin away with the game.
its cause I am dont speculate spectate.
all I got is dick for days and insults for decades.
but I get by with my wicked ways.
lady you can suck a dick til your neck aches.
cry til you get puffy eyes red faced.
but Im leavin on this jet plane.
you aint fly youre an airhead.
and Im sick of poundin a square peg in a round hole.
sorry another catchphrase.
but your baggage aint gon fit in my storage overhead space.
cause it just aint big enough to fit your damaged goods.
other words dont try to put your heart in a headcase.
cause baby stable mentally I aint.
i need my meds I peed my bed.
im going blind I dont see my legs I keep on falling down.
no wonder you cant stand me I need my cane.
someone help me I think my face is melting.
if you felt these migraines.
and see these maggots eat my brain.
this GIANT hole in my empty head.
if you read my mind you can see my pain.
and youd see why I be this way.
ever since I was kneehigh playin with GI Joes.
told these hoes shut their PIE holes now peep my game.
cause Im bout it bout it.
im outta control like no other mic go.
stab you til the knife goes  dull.
im nothin but a hole inside your skull where your eye goes.
cause Ima sock it to you.
dyke ho you dont like it.
get on your Harley Davidson menstrual cycle.
and ride it like a motorbike.
im finna blow the mic the whole night so.
strike up the fuckin maestro Im nitro.
and hi ho hand me my shovel.
im liable to dig my hole deeper.
and its off to HE double hockey sticks I go.
im getting by with my wicked ways.
im loading up and Im taking names.
i wanna dig my way to hell.
i wanna dig my way to hell.
im getting by with my wicked ways.
im loading up and Im taking names.
i wanna dig my way to hell.
i wanna dig my way to hell.

ohh please be empty.
please be empty please be empty.
thank you God.
shit Is that a girl.
im gonna rock this blouse and put a cock in my mouth.
and get my balls blew out and get gay into the AM.
and lay with eighteen guys naked.
and let myself show let myself show.
buttfuck it suck it pull it tug it.
lifes too short to not stroke your bone.
so everybody everybody.
who is that Where are you going Come back.
why does everyone always leave me.
hello Fuck you then.
blow it out your.

asshole.
came to the world at a time when it was in need of a villain.
an asshole that role I think I succeeded fulfillin.
but dont think I ever stopped.
to think that I was speakin to children.
everything was happenin so fast.
it was like I blinkedsold three million.
then it all went blank all I remember is feelin ridiculous.
cause I was gettin sick of this feelin.
like Im always under attack man.
i could have stacked my shit list to the ceilin.
women dishin but really thinkin If anyone ever talks to one of my little girls like this I would kill him.
guess Im a little bit of a hypocrite when Im rippin shit.
but since when did this many people ever give a shit.
what I had to say Its just my opinion.
if it contradicts how Im livin put a dick in your rear end.
thats why every time you mentioned a lyric.
i thanked you for it for drawin more attention toward it.
cause it gave me an enormous platform.
im flattered you thought I was that important.
but you cant ignore the fact that I fought for the respect.
and battled for it mad awards had GLAAD annoyed.
attaboy they told me to slow down Id just zone out.
good luck tryin to convince a blonde.
its like tellin Gwen Stefani she sold out.
cause I was tryna leave no doubt.
in anyones mind one day Id go down in history.
think they know now because everybody knows.
everybody knows.
that youre just an asshole.
everywhere that you go.
people wanna go home everyone knows.
everybody knows.
so dont pretend to be nice.
theres no place you can hide.
you are just an asshole.
everyone knows everyone knows.

thanks for the support asshole scratch.
thanks for the support asshole.

quit actin salty I was countin on you to count me out.
ask Asher Roth when he roundabout.
dissed me to shout me out.
thought I was history well goddamn honky.
that compliments like backhandin a donkey.
good way to get your ass socked in the mouth.
nah Im off him.
but what the fucks all this trashtalkin about.
the fight was fixed Im back and you cant stop me.
you knocked me down I went down for the count.
i fell but the fans caught me and now.
youre gonna have to beat the fuckin pants off me.
to take my beltword to Pacquiao.
momma said There aint nothin else to talk about.
better go in that ring and knock em out.
or you better not come out.
its poetry in motion.
like Freddie Roach when hes quotin Shakespeare.
so what if insults are revoltin.
even Helen Keller knows life stinks.
you think its a joke til youre bulletriddled.
but you should give little shit what I think.
this whole world is a mess.
gotta have a goddamn vest on your chest.
and a Glock just to go watch Batman.
who needs to test a testicles Not that man.
half of you dont got the guts intestinal blockage.
rest of you got lap bands.
stuck to this motto fore they put bath salts.
and all those water bottles in Colorado so get lost Waldo.
my souls escapin through this asshole that is gapin.
a black hole and Im swallowin this track whole.
better pack toilet paper but Im takin no crap ho.
here I go down the Bat Pole.
and Im changin back into that old maniac.
in fact there they go tryna dip out the back door retreatin.
cause everybody knows.
everybody knows.
that youre just an asshole.
everywhere that you go.
people wanna go home everyone knows.
everybody knows.
so dont pretend to be nice.
theres no place you can hide.
you are just an asshole.
everyone knows everyone knows.

holy mackerel Im the biggest jerk on the planet Earth.
i smacked a girl off the mechanical bull at a tractor pull.
for thinkin we had some magnetic pull.
then screamed ICP in this bitch How do fuckin magnets work.
cause youre attractive but we aint attractable.
hate to be dramatical but Im not romantical.
im makin up words so you can understandable its tragical.
thinkin some magical shits gonna happen that aint practical.
you crackin a joke its laughable.
cause me and loves like a bad combination.
i keep them feelings locked in a vault.
so its safe to say Im uncrackable.
my heart is truly guarded full body armor.
bitch you just need a helmet.
cause if you think youre special youre retarded.
thinkin youre one of a kind like you got some platinum vagina.
youre a train wreck I got a onetrack mind.
shorty youre fine but you sort of remind me of a 49er.
cause you been a gold digger since you was a minor.
been tryna hunt me down like a dog.
cause youre on my ass but you cant get a cent.
cause all of my spare time is spent.
on my nose in this binder so dont bother tryin.
only women that I love are my daughters.
but sometimes I rhyme and it sounds like I forget Im a father.
and I push it farther.
so Father forgive me if I forget to draw the line.
its apparent I shouldnt have been a parent.
ill never grow up so to hell with your parents.
and motherfuck father time.
it aint never gonna stop a pessimist.
who transformed to an optimist in his prime.
so even if Im halfdead Im halfalive.
poured my halfempty glass in a cup.
now my cup has runneth over.
and Im bout to set it on you like a mothafuckin coaster.
im goin back to what got me here.
yeah cocky and cant knock bein rude off so fear not my dear.
and dry up your teardrops Im here.
white Americas mirror so dont feel awkward or weird.
if you stare at me and see yourself because youre one too.
shouldnt be a shock because everybody knows.
everybody knows.
that youre just an asshole.
everywhere that you go.
people wanna go home everyone knows.
everybody knows.
so dont pretend to be nice.
theres no place you can hide.
you are just an asshole.
everyone knows everyone.

good Guy.
here we go agaain from heroes to villains.
used to be your Romeo but we both were jilted.
a couple of times so we had a slippery slope to deal with.
but still it gave me hope that well get.
through it together a severed earlobe.
mailed to you in a ENVElope.
would be dope but what kind of lengths can you go.
to be a housewife who outright lies.
shes blackout drunk now shes backin out my drive.
i ran outside why is she tryna act out.
shes just about my size hit me in the mouth twice.
guys when someone youd die for.
sticks a steak knife in your heart do you try more.
another late night in she stumbles through my door.
lets the daylight in and all we dos fight more.
to plant the KY in Im gettin accused by a whore.
who smells like St Ides and whos probly screwed five more.
guys sucked eightnine men.
im takin twobyfours to our eightbytens.
bitch its you I tore out the frame I win.
put up a new high score beat this game Im in.
and heres some twoply for when you date my friends.
in order to wipe your ass when you moved your bowels.
when we renewed our vows this the thanks I get.
im waitin for the day I can.
hear you say Marshall what a skank Ive been.
and theres a new guy youre being replaced by him.
got your tubes tied for him got that boob job for him.
hurts me to my core but the pain Im in.
after you I swore to make the grey skies end.
here come the rays like when.
you get a pay hike and.
and hope that he dumps you.
guess you take life in the same way you play dice then.
cause you just look at me and roll them little snake eyes in.
since.
since you bought the jury theyll call me guilty.
theyll call me guilty.
you bought the jury theyll call me guilty.
even though you know the real me.
you cant beat a cheater convince a nonbeliever.
and I aint in my feelings Im out.
but Ill let you say that youre the good guy.
cause this aint what love looks like.
you cant beat a cheater convince a nonbeliever.
i aint in my feelings Im out.
but Ill let you say that youre the good guy.
play like youre the good guy.
play like play like play like youre the good.

yeah.
so I guess this is what it is huh.
think its obvious.
we aint never gonna see eye to eye.
but its funny.
as much as I hate you.
i need you.
this is music to be murdered by.
got a premonition.
i feel the end is near.
the beauty starts to fade.
the joy has turned to pain.
i hear the symphony playin.
ten thousand violins.
souls floating away like feathers in the wind.
they said my last album I sounded bitter.
no I sound like a spitter.
who ninety percent of.
these hypocrites are tryna get rid of.
but why would I get a chip on my shoulder.
i was considered one time as the illest.
bitch Im still as fly as your zipper.
true I just get richer.
but if it was ever all about skrilla.
then I woulda quit a long motherfucking time ago.
bitch shut the fuck up.
i should go say that shit to Tech N9ne or to Jigga.
nobody said shit about 2 Chainz as long as hes been here shit.
no wonder youre mad now Im.
revival flopped came back and I scared the crap out em.
but Rolling Stone stars I get two and a half outta.
five and Ill laugh out loud.
cause thats what they gave BAD back in the day.
which actually made me not feel as bad now cause.
if it happened to James.
it can happen to Shady.
they do the same shit to Brady.
more people hate me than love me.
this game will make you go crazy.
bout to go for BROKE.
i was the G the OAT.
once I was played in rotation.
at every radio station.
they said Im lyrically amazing.
but I have nothing to say.
but then when I put out Revival and I had something to say.
they said that they hated the awake me.
i lose the rage Im too tame.
i get it back they say Im too angry.
i need to get me some Dre beats.
no I should hook up with Tay Keith.
fans keep on pulling me one way.
haters pull me in another.
got more hooks in me than Swae Lee.
bout to pick up some weights and lift til my tattoo of Hailies face stretches.
they said Im just a whiner I sound like a baby.
i dish it out but cant take it.
but I take it dish it back out.
and they get all bent out of shape.
this shits almost comical.
wait and I meant no disrespect.
i wasnt dissin Tech that was not a shot at 2 Chainz or to JayZ.
they probably feel the same way because lately.
instead of us being credited for longevity.
and being able to keep it up for this long at this level we.
get told well never be what we were.
bitch if I was as half as good as I was.
im still twice as good as youll ever be.
only way that youre ahead of mes alphabetically.
cause if you diss me Im coming after you like the letter V.
killing everything play this tune its your eulogy.
its your funeral prepare to die.
this is music for you to be murdered byYou might also.

ass Like That.
ow baby.

the way you shake it I cant believe it.
i aint never seen an ass like that.
the way you move it you make my peepee go.
ddoing doing doing.
i dont believe it its almost too good to be true.
i aint never seen an ass like that.
the way you move it you make my peepee go.
ddoing doing doing.

the way she moves shes like a belly dancer.
shes shaking that ass to the new Nelly jams I.
think someones at the door but I dont think Ima answer.
what do you mean freeze.
please Im a human being I have needs.
im not done not til Im finished peeing.
i am not resisting arrest I am agreeing.
mr Officer Im already on my knees.
i cant get on the ground any further its impossible for me.
and do not treat me like a murderer I just like to pee.
pee pee yes I make RB.
i sing song it go ringachong achingchongchongchongching.
psych I joke I joke I kid I kid.
if I offend Im sorry please please forgive.
for I am Triumph the Puppet Dog I am a mere puppet.
i can get away with anything I say and you will love it.
the way you shake it I cant believe it.
i aint never seen an ass like that.
the way you move it you make my peepee go.
ddoing doing doing.
jessica Simpson looks oh so tempting.
nick I aint never seen an ass like that.
every time I see the show on MTV my peepee goes.
ddoing doing doing.

maryKate and Ashley used to be so wholesome.
now they getting older theyre starting to grow bumbums.
i go to the movies and sit down with my popcorn.
what do you mean freeze Geez I just got my seat.
i have ticket look I put it away my zippers zipped.
please do not remove me from this movie theater please.
i did not even get to see MaryKate shower scene.
i didnt mean to be obscene or make a great big scene.
and dont treat me like Im Peewee Herman this movies PG.
mr Officer I demand to see my attorney.
i will simply plead innocent cop a plea and be free.
free yes free right back on the streets.
what do you mean my lawyers with Michael hes too busy.
i am Triumph Britney Spears has shoulders like a man.
the way you shake it I cant believe it.
i aint never seen an ass like that.
the way you move it you make my peepee go.
ddoing doing doing.
hilary Duff is not quite old enough so.
i aint never seen a butt like that.
maybe next year Ill say ass and shell make my peepee go.
ddoing doing doing.

the way she moves she dances like a gogo.
in that video she sings Get out you bozo.
i need a new boyfriend hi my name is JoJo.
what do you mean freeze My computers will be seized.
and my keys to my ranch I just bake cookies.
mr Officer lookie take a whiff of this.
here I make Jesus juice take a sip of this.
nobody is safe from me no not even me.
i dont even know if I can say the word peepee.
pee on the radio but I think I did.
janet is that a breast I think I just saw a tit.
psych I joke I joke I kid I kid.
i dont think my joke is working I must flee quick.
get to the chopper everybody get out.
i am not Triumph I am Arnold get down.
the way you shake it I cant believe it.
i aint never seen an ass like that.
the way you move it you make my peepee go.
ddoing doing doing.
so Gwen Stefani will you peepee on me please.
i aint never seen an ass like that.
cause the way you move it you make my peepee go.
ddoing doing doing.

woo.
fuck is wrong with you.


so Far.
i own a mansion but live in a house.
a kingsize bed but I sleep on the couch.
im Mr Brightside glass is halffull.
but my tanks half empty gasket just blew.

this always happens.
thirty minutes from home gotta lay a log cabin.
only option I haves McDonaldss bathroom.
in a public stall droppin a football.
so every time someone walks in the john I get maddened.
shady what up What Come on man Im crappin.
and youre askin for my goddamn autograph on a napkin.
oh thats odd I just happened to run out of tissue.
yeah hand me that on second thought Id be glad then.
thanks dawg Names Todd a big fan.
i wiped my ass with it crumbled it up in a wad and threw it back and.
told him Todd youre the shit whens all of this crap end.
cant pump my gas without causin an accident.
pump my gas cut my grass I cant take out the fuckin trash.
without someone passin through my sub harassin.
id count my blessings but I suck at math.
id rather wallow than bask sufferin succotash.
but the antacid it gives my stomach gas.
when I mix my corn with my fuckin mashed.
potatoes so what Ho kiss my country bumpkin ass.
missouri Southern roots what the fuck is upper class.
call lunch dinner call dinner supper.
tupperware in the cupboard plasticware up the ass.
stuck in the pastiPod what the fuck is that.
bBoy to the core mule Im a stubborn ass.
maybe thats why I feel so strange.
got it all but I still wont change.
maybe thats why I cant leave Detroit.
its the motivation that keeps me goin.
this is the inspiration I need.
i could never turn my back on a city that made me.

they call me classless I heard that I second and third that.
dont know what the fuck Id be doin if it werent rap.
probably be a giant turd sack.
but I blew never turned back.
turned 40 and still sagteenagers act more fuckin mature Jack.
fuck you gonna say to me Ill leave on my own terms asshole.
im goin berzerk my nerves are bad.
but I love the perks my work has.
i get to meet famous people look at her dag.
her nylons are ran her skirts snagged.
and I heard she dragraces burp swag.
tuck in my Hanes shirt tag.
wed be the perfect match.
cause youre a vacuum Im a dirtbag.
my apologies no disrespect to technology.
but what the hecks all of these buttons.
you expect me to sit here and learn that.
fuck I gotta do to hear this new song from Luda.
be an expert at computers.
id rather be an Encyclopedia Britannica hell with.
playStation Im still on my first man on some Zelda.
nintendo bitch Run jump punch stab and I melt the.
mozzarella on my spaghetti.
put in on bread make a sandwich with Welchs and belch.
they say this spray butters bad for my health but.
i think this poor white trash from the trailer.
jed Clampett Fred Sanford and welfare.
mentality helps to keep me grounded.
thats why I never take full advantage of wealth I.
managed to dwell within these parameters.
still crammin the shelves full of Hamburger Helper.
i cant even help it this is the hand I was dealt a.
creature of habit feel like Im trapped in an animal shelter.
with all these pet peeves goddamn it to hell I.
cant stand all these kids with their camera cellphones.
i cant go anywhere I get so mad I could yell the.
other day someone got all elaborate.
and stuck a head from a fuckin dead cat in my mailbox.
went to Burger Kingthey spit on my onion rings.
i think my karmas catchin up with me.
maybe thats why I feel so strange.
got it all but I still wont change.
maybe thats why I cant leave Detroit.
its the motivation that keeps me goin.
this is the inspiration I need.
i could never turn my back on a city that made me.

got friends on Facebook all over the world.
not sure what that means they tell me its good.
so Im artist of the decade I even got a plaque.
id hang it up but the frame is all cracked.

im tryin to be lowkey hopefully nobody notices me.
in produce hunched over giant nosebleed.
ogre style as I mosey over to the frozen aisle.
by the frozen yogurt this guy approached me.
embarrassed I just did Comerica with Hova.
the shows over Im hidin in Kroger buyin groceries.
he just had frontrow seats.
told me to sign this poster then insults me.
wow Up close didnt know you had crows feet.
im at a crossroads lost still shoppin at Costcos.
sloppy Joes bulk waffles.
look over see these two hot hoes.
finger still up one of my nostrils.
right next to em stuck at the light the fuckin shits.
takin forever to change its stuck these bitches are lovin it.
rubbin it in chucklin couldnt do nothin.
play it off What you bumpin.
trunk Muzik Yelawolfs better fuckin bitch.
they want me to flip at the label but I wont succumb to it.
the pressure they want me to follow up with.
another one after Recovery was so highly coveted.
but what good is a fuckin recovery if I fumble it.
cause Ima drop the ball if I dont get a grip.
hoppin out shrubbery on you sons of bitches.
wrong subdivision to fuck with bitch.
quit snappin fuckin pictures of my kids.
i love my city but you pushed me to the limitwhat a pity.
the shit I complain about.
its like there aint a cloud in the sky and its rainin out.
koolAid stain on the couch Ill never get it out.
but bitch I got an elevator in my house.
ants and a mouseIm livin the dream.
maybe thats why I feel so strange.
got it all but I still wont change.
maybe thats why I cant leave Detroit.
its the motivation that keeps me goin.
this is the inspiration I need.
i could never turn my back on a city that made me.

normal.
should I look in the mirror.

i just want you to be normal.
why cant you bitches be normal.
always gotta be so extra.
why you always need a lecture.
my ex hates to talk shes a texter.
even when Im in bed layin right next to her.
wants to get back together.
said not til she gets her act together.

she thinks Im bein mean and now.
she starts to scream and shout.
shes about to let the demons out.
she dont wanna see me with other females out.
i tell the bitch to beat it take the scenic route.
she retaliates by tryin to leave the house.
in an evening gown with her cleavage out.
weve been down this road too many times for me to count.
and all I can think is how.
i just want you to be normal.
why cant you bitches be normal.
always gotta be so extra.
like a fuckin terrestrial.
guess it comes with the territory.
my ex girl she just declared war.
therefore I better prepare for it.
i guess bein weirds normal.

and I dont know whats got a hold of me.
most notably Ive been zonin to Jodeci.
im totally open hopelessly devoted.
so much so that I bet you she dont even know that shes.
the first thing I think of when I wake up.
and the last thing I think of fore I go to sleep.
sike hope she dont notice me goin through her purse.
i know she cheats so do I Im soulless shes heartless.
no wonder were partners.
both got hundreds of charges.
domestic disputes but weve always.
swept it under the carpet.
even when 911 gets the call that.
i slipped up and busted her jaw with.
a Louisville Slugger cause alls it.
really does is make our love.
for each other grow stronger.
she won me over the second she tried to run me over.
told her Id keep it a hun we over.
kicked her out called her back now shes coming over.
but why is she so wicked.
and how the fuck did I get so twisted.
up with someone so unlikable and shifty.
were like nitrogen and hydrogen mixed with.
ignitable liquids but Im finally seeing.
shes only mine for the time being.
thats why I keep bringin up that one time she.
tried to twotime me.
and throw it up in her face til I dry heave.
how could I be so naive.
should I leave or turn this entire evening.
to a motherfucking crime scene.
maybe Im just too ugly to compete with him.
you werent sposed to agree you fucking bitch.
specially when youre the one cheated first.
now the argument immediately becomes heated.
you dont want me to flip little conceited cunt.
eat a monkey dick wrapped in a stuffed pita fajita.
slut treat it just like a drum beat it.
complete it and once youve succeeded repeat it.
i love you but I hope you fuckin die though.
in our business your friends like to pry so.
youve got em all under cover just like moles.
hopin theyll come back with intel.
but Im the one whos thrown into the spiral.
cause now the roles are reversed so here I go.
thinkin Im sly as I scroll through your iPhone.
who the fucks Milo.
the guy at work who drives a hilo.
i put a tracking device on your Chrysler.
and follow you while you drive home.
but like a cyclone I just got my disguise blown.
you recognized me and had Milo flip me off.
i hit a light pole you skirt off.
and then pull up at 5 am in the drive in a stretched white limo.
but like a drunk bum what do I know.
lets sleep on it like they did Revival.
i told you Youre the apple of my eye so shut your pie hole.
just wanna be normal.
i just wanna be normal.
why cant you be.

phenomenal.
i am phenomenal.
with every ounce of my blood.
with every breath in my lungs.
wont stop until Im phenomenal.
i am phenomenal.
however long that it takes.
ill go to whatever lengths.
its gonna make me a monster though.
i am phenomenal.
but Ill never say Oh its impossible.
cause Im born to be phenomenal.

unstoppable unpoppable thought bubbles.
untoppable thoughts fuckin juggernaut thatll.
stomp you in a verse obstacles Im drawn to em.
when the going got rough.
some of what I done fought through was the worst little sissy.
who the fuck taught you how to persevere.
there aint no situation that you ever had to respond to thats adverse.
the messiest thing youve ever gone through was your purse.
yeah I dont try like hell then I might as well.
hang it up like a shelf gotta keep growin with it evolve.
cause you can keep throwin shit at the wall.
but youre gonna find that nothings gonna stick until you apply yourself.
time to slip in that zone til I find myself.
inside the realm of the unknown and boldly go.
into waters where nobody else has gone before.
or willing to go uncharted feeling is so.
bomb Im feelin myself Im a giant.
sometimes I gotta remind myself that I am.
i am phenomenal.
with every ounce of my blood.
with every breath in my lungs.
wont stop until Im phenomenal.
i am phenomenal.
however long that it takes.
ill go to whatever lengths.
its gonna make me a monster though.
i am phenomenal.
but Ill never say Oh its impossible.
cause Im born to be phenomenal.

let me selfempower you.
when youre down and theyre tryin to clown the fuck out of you.
and you feel like youre runnin out of fuel.
ill show you how to use doubt as fuel.
convert it to gunpowder too.
now what you do is put the match to the charcoal fluid.
put the spark to it like Martha Stewart barbecuing.
ah screw it feel like you want to hit that wall then do it.
punch through it just cock back put your all into it.
now you gon take that rage and make that what you wage.
never take back what you say.
if you stay strapped in your brain engaged in a steel cage match.
ready to scrap asap.
take your fists and just ball it.
show whos big and whos smallest youre Christopher Wallace.
now picture em all as plastic and foam.
lays flat where you put your dinner plates at.
and set it on em like a placemat.
and I want you to say that.
i am phenomenal.
with every ounce of my blood.
with every breath in my lungs.
wont stop until Im phenomenal.
i am phenomenal.
however long that it takes.
ill go to whatever lengths.
its gonna make me a monster though.
i am phenomenal.
but Ill never say Oh its impossible.
cause Im born to be phenomenal.
oh step into the unknown and find yourself.
youre floating freely no emotion.

got a fuckin mouth with no shutoff valve.
cant even cut off power to it but its what allowed.
me to come up out from under the fuckin ground.
cause I worked my butt off now.
its a subject that I dont know how to shut up about.
cause I stuck it out.
like a motherfuckin tongue thats how.
i responded when I got shoved around.
youre gonna have nonbelievers.
but when youre beyond belief you probably shouldnt wonder how.
get it how you live.
but are you prepared to give more than you get.
and put in twice what you get back from this shit.
though what you sacrifice barely is half never give.
rap is my shiv.
but its like my shield at the same time I wield and my knife is will.
sometimes I feel just like B Real from Cypress Hill.
how I can just kill a cypher survivors guilt.
i rhyme like life is still an uphill climb.
ready to face any challenge waitin.
can taste it its salivation Im wagin retaliation.
look what I have built reputation is validation.
the only thing Im capable of makin is amazing.
only thing youre capable of makin is a false statement.
or accusation I am legendary status in fact.
that is the only way youll ever be able to say.
youre a legend is makin an allegation.
i write with the left same hand I hold the mic with.
as I fight to the death til my last breath.
manage to prove who the best man is.
prevail at all costs be the only ones left standin.
in the end but I aint gonna be the only one with the advantage.
of knowin what its like to be southpaw.
cause you can bet your ass youll be left handed.
cause I am.
i am phenomenal.
with every ounce of my blood.
with every breath in my lungs.
wont stop until Im phenomenal.
i am phenomenal.
however long that it takes.
ill go to whatever lengths.
its gonna make me a monster though.
i am phenomenal.
but Ill never say Oh its impossible.
cause Im born to be.

offended.
you claim if you get knocked by the cops.
youll give em not even a statement.
walk in the arraignment.
shoot the bailiff karate kick the plaintiff.
gotti with the stainless.
ill just call it shoddy entertainment.
if yall was in the party gettin faded.
on molly had the audience sedated.
you wouldnt catch a body if it fainted.
probably let it fall and hit the pavement.
but youd be the first lobbyin to claim it.
bitch stop bein a lame.
your hobby isnt robbery and dismemberin body limbs.
like you was Tommy Lynn Sells.
and chainsawin them in the basement.
hardly fits your job description aint nobody dippin.
out the back of the club like Oh my God hes trippin.
only time you get the blade is.
probably with the dang lawn equipment aint it.
wouldnt take a bobby pin and wave it.
i need to stop bein debated.
youre still copyin Xeroxing.
im still coppin a feel.
like Bill Cosby at will poppin a pill.
then spill Oxys in Jills coffee.
then send her out to the hotel lobby.
a lil wobbly and still groggy.
this blond fucks reprehensible.
misconducts never sensible.
kiss my butt my set of principles.
is gone but til I get the President to respond.
my pen and pencil is a missile launcher.
and Senator Mitch McConnells.
just as big of a bitch as Donald.
let me sing this shit soprano.
while I do it pizzicato.
ivanka stiffarm her while Im hittin on Melania.
and this songs for all ya.
cause nobody likes me everybody hates me.
and drag my name through the mud through the dirt.
you can try to hold me down but you better let me up.
cause I swear when I get up Im never gonna let up.
til everybody eats my turds.

these drums and hard snares bring out the worst in me.
like Justin Ross Harris at a nursery.
goin ham at candy yam.
on nanny cam Im gettin handies with the zanny Xannys.
in the Caddy armrest Im imaginin objects.
so Im battin cobwebs from a daddy longleg.
in Hamtramck.
got the panoramic camera.
xanax a banana hammock and a Santa hat.
im smellin like a damn mechanic.
with a chick that looks like Janet Jackson with a Spanish accent.
grow up.
nah not that I know of yall.
basement just got a frickin overhaul.
got a stripper pole installed.
started rollin all through those Klonopins.
like a bowlin ball.
like an overdose on twice the ratio of Propofol.
and go through no withdrawal.
while I get fellatio and give a facial to.
an interracial blowup doll of Rachel Dolezal.
sos my manager.
bitch I amateur fuck a pro career.
coast is clear but nowhere to go from here.
and nobodys close so dont compare.
they aint nowhere near Im way over here.
my competition cant see me.
cause I dont own a mirror.
but Marshall you are terrific.
so smart and gifted.
im so narcissistic when I fart I sniff it.
do a fake dab to smell my armpits whiff it.
your anxietys throwin gang signs.
but I made strides with these rape lines.
im cuttin back on women hate crimes.
like Ray Rice when he FaceTimes.
bang bang bang bang time.
dang knivesre butcher than gay wives.
youre gonna need sutures the same size.
as the blade I push into caputcha.
gotta stab a bitch at least eight times.
to make it on Dateline.
i came to stake my claim like a canine.
waitin in a buffet line.
so Kellyanne Conway.
im a really bad hombre.
come play belly dance on me.
ive been makin wedding plans all day.
cause nobody likes me everybody hates me.
and drag my name through the mud through the dirt.
you can try to hold me down but you better let me up.
cause I swear when I get up Im never gonna let up.
til everybody eats my turds.

eightyearold with the wordplay.
girl take this pole like a survey.
today wasnt my birthday.
but Im caked up like a dessert tray.
so were in shape.
cause youre in a slurrin state.
like what I do before after and durin rape.
you wanna get into a pissin contest.
and find out whos better.
and be made a fool out of when I pull on em.
nonhigh school grad Im not a scholar.
but Im so cold when Im droppin knowledge.
but nobodys hotter you owe me my respect.
i owe you nada like Haloti partner.
blow me told you Im so dirty homie you can throw me.
in some holy water with some floaties on.
and get the soap and try to get the Pope to hold me.
while you hose me off and nope I wont be washed.
you hope to God I dont explode.
i gotta blow this spot up though I got a lotta mo.
i wont put the sugar coating on it though.
cause sometimes you can feel like your energys expired.
raps got you drained.
dead tired zapped.
you feel like a wet pile of crap.
i get why youre tapped.
but you gotta get your fire back.
catch fire get upset and fire back.
is what I tell myself.
when times get bad.
cause sometimes I might get sad.
but I take the same advice I had.
and tell myself like I used to tell Hailie.
when lifes a drag.
told her to do like her dad.
dont cry get mad.
cause little baby powders.
belong in diaper bags.
im hyper by the time you see this side of me.
foot up it I stood up for the kid.
you aint had to have no money.
now my doughs amountin to a mountain.
thats rised too high to count it.
never asked to be rich all I did was wish.
i had a dime for every time that I was doubted.
but then I think about it then Im enraged.
cause I just figured out that if I was paid.
for the time I spent to put the pen to the page.
but its embedded in my head I never hunted for the bread and butter.
what I wanted was to be the one that they was scared of but.
im never gonna get the credit for the sweat and blood.
i put up in the pen and when Im dead I wonder.
will they put me on a pedestal or forget I was ever this incredible.
i guess I better go harder than ever cause.
ill never get another motherfuckin opportunity again.
to offend as many people with this I can simply because I can.
cause nobody likes me everybody hates me.
and drag my name through the mud through the dirt.
you can try to hold me down but you better let me up.
cause I swear when I get up Im never gonna let up.
til everybody eats my.

brainless.
or Eminem has a full line of chainsaws.
eminem Eminem Eminem Eminem.
eminem Eminem.
marshall Mathers Eminem the rapper Eminem.
who can say for sure.
perhaps a frontal lobotomy would be the answer.
if science could operate on this distorted brain.
and put it to good use society would reap a great benefit.

i walk around like a space cadet place your bets.
whos likely to become a serial killer Case of Tourettes.
fuck fuck fuck cant take the stress.
i make a mess as the day progresses.
angry and take it out on the neighbors hedges.
like this is how Ill cut your face up bitches with these hedgetrimmin scissors with razor edges.
imaginations dangerous its the only way to escape this mess.
and make the best of this situation I guess.
cause I feel like a little bitch this predicaments.
despicable Im sick of just gettin pushed its ridiculous.
i look like a frickin wuss a pussy.
this kid just took my stick of licorice.
and threw my sticker books in a picker bush.
i wanna kick his tush but I was six and shook.
this fucker was twelve and was six foot with a vicious hook.
he hit me I fell I got back up all I did was book.
now theres usin your head momma always said.
if you had a brain youd be dangerous.
momma Ima grow one day to be famous.
ima use my head as a weapon.
son if you had a brain youd be dangerous.
guess it pays to be brainless.

fast forward some years later a teenager this is fun sweet.
i just got jumped twice in one week its complete.
its usually once a month this is some feat Ive accomplished.
theyve stomped me into the mud gee.
for what reason you stumped me.
but how do you get the shit beat out of you beat down.
and be upbeat when you dont have nothing.
no valid shot at life chance to make it or succeed.
cause youre doomed from the start.
its like you grew up on Jump Street from jump street.
but if I could just get my head out my ass.
i could accomplish any task practicin trashtalkin in a trance.
locked in my room yeah but I got some plans momma.
these damn rhymes are fallin out of my pants pocket I cant stop it.
and Im startin to blend in more in school this shit helps for sure.
im gettin more selfassured than Ive ever been before.
plus no one picks on me anymore.
i done put a stop to that threw my first punch end of story.
still in my skulls a vacant empty void been usin it more as a bin for storage.
take some inventory in this gourd theres a Ford engine door.
hinge syringe an orange an extension cord and a ninja sword.
not to mention four linchpins an astringent stored.
ironin board a bench a wrench a ore winch an attention whore.
everything but a brain but domes off the fuckin chain.
like an independent store somethings wrong with my head.
just think if I had a brain in it thank God that I dont.
cause Id probably be Dahmer cause Momma always said.
if you had a brain youd be dangerous.
momma Ima grow one day to be famous.
ima use my head as a weapon.
son if you had a brain youd be dangerous.
guess it pays to be brainless.

now my mom goes wahmwahmwahm.
cause Im not that smart but Im not dumb.
i was on the bottom of the pile gettin stomped.
but somehow I came out on top.

i told you one day I said theyd have that red carpet rolled out yo.
im nice yall fuck it Im out cold now everywhere I go.
they scream out Go Im bout to clean house yo.
im Lysol now Im just household.
outsold the sellouts freak the hell out Middle America.
hear em yell out in terror they were so scared and those kids.
just about belted out whatever spouted.
or fell out my smart aleck mouth it was so weird.
inappropriate So be it I dont see it.
maybe one day when the smoke clears it wont be as.
motherfuckin difficult yeah.
til then hopefully you little homos get over your fears and phobias.
its okay to be scared straight they said I provoke queers.
til emotions evoke tears my whole careers.
a stroke of sheer genius smoke and mirrors tactical practical jokes yeah.
you motherfuckin insert insult here.
who the fuck woulda thunk that one little ole MCd.
be able to take the whole culture and reupholster it.
and boy they did flock cant believe this little hick locked.
this hiphop shit in his hip pocket and still the shit got.
that whitetrash traffic in gridlock shit hoppin like six blocks.
from a Kid RockInsane Clown Posse concert in midOc.
tober and God forbid I see a wizard.
and get a brain in my titanium cranium yall.
cause Ill turn into the Unabomber Momma always said.
if you had a brain youd be dangerous.
momma Ima grow one day to be famous.
ima use my head as a weapon.
son if you had a brain youd be dangerous.
guess it pays to be brainless.

insaneness aint even a word you stupid fuck.
neither is.

just Lose It.
down down down.
down down down.
down down down.
down okay.
guess whos back back again.
shadys back tell a friend.
now everyone report to the dance floor.
to the dance floor to the dance floor.
now everyone report to the dance floor.
alright stop pajama time.

come here little kiddies on my lap.
guess whos back with a brand new rap.
and I dont mean rap as in a new case.
of child molestation accusations.
ahahahahah no worries.
papas got a brand new bag of toys.
what else could I possibly do to make noise.
i done touched on everything but little boys.
and thats not a stab at Michael.
thats just a metaphor Im just psycho.
i go a little bit crazy sometimes.
i get a little bit out of control with my rhymes.
good God dip do a little slide.
bend down touch your toes and just glide.
up the center of the dance floor.
like TP for my bunghole.
and its cool if you let one go.
nobodys gonna know whod hear it.
give a little pootpoot its okay.
oops my CD just skipped.
and everyone just heard you let one rip.
now Im gonna make you dance.
its your chance yeah boy shake that ass.
whoops I mean girl girl girl girl.
girl you know youre my world.

well its Friday and its my day.
just to party all the way til Sunday.
maybe til Monday I dont know what day.
every days just a holiday.
cruisin on the freeway feelin kinda breezy.
let the top down and my hair blow.
i dont know where Im goin all I know is.
when I get there someones gonna touch my body.

scuse me miss I dont mean to sound like a jerk.
but Im feelin just a little stressed out from work.
could you punch me in the stomach and pull my hair.
now whats your name girl Whats your sign.
man you must be up out your mind.
im just tryin to unwind now Im.
now Im gonna make you dance.
its your chance yeah boy shake that ass.
whoops I mean girl girl girl girl.
girl you know youre my world.

well its Tuesday and Im locked up.
im in jail and I dont know what happened.
they say I was runnin buttnaked.
your honor Im sorry I dont remember.
all I know is this much Im not guilty.
they said Save it boy we got you on tape.
yellin at an old lady to touch my body.

now this is the part where the rap breaks down.
it gets real intense no one makes a sound.
everything looks like its 8 Mile now.
the beat comes back and everybody lose themselves.
now snap back to reality look its B Rabbit.
yo you signed me up to battle Im a grown man.
chubbachubbachubbachubbachubbachubbachubby.
i dont have any lines to go right here so chubbaTeletubby.
black girls white girls skinny girls fat girls.
tall girls small girls Im calling all girls.
everyone report to the dance floor.
its your chance for a little romance or.
butt squeezin its the season.
now Im gonna make you dance.
its your chance yeah boy shake that ass.
whoops I mean girl girl girl girl.
girl you know youre my world.

touch my body.
touch my body.
oh boy just touch my body.
i mean girl just touch my.

drug Ballad.
yeah hahahaha.
whoo shit.
mmm.
oh oh mmm.
ehh ehh.
aight guess what I aint comin in yet.
oh oh ooh ooh.
ill come in a minute.
ayo this is my love song it goes like this.
hey yeah.
this is how we used to make the party start.
we used to mix Hen with Bacardi Dark.
and when it kicks in you can hardly talk.
and by the sixth gin youre gon probably crawl.
and youll be sick then and youll probably barf.
and my prediction is youre gon probably fall.
either somewhere in the lobby or the hallway wall.
and everythings spinnin youre beginnin to think women.
are swimmin in pink linen again in the sink then in.
a couple of minutes that bottle of Guinness is finished.
you are now allowed to officially slap bitches.
you have the right to remain violent and start wilin.
start a fight with the same guy that was smarteyein you.
get in your car start it and start drivin.
over the island and cause a 42car pileup.
earth calling pilot to copilot.
looking for life on this planet sir no sign of it.
all I can see is a bunch of smoke flyin.
and Im so high that I might die if I go by it.
let me outta this place Im outta place.
im in outer space Ive just vanished without a trace.
im going to a pretty place now where the flowers grow.
ill be back in an hour or so.
in third grade all I used to do.
was sniff glue through a tube and play Rubiks Cube.
seventeen years later Im as rude as Jude.
schemin on the first chick with the hugest boobs.
ive got no game and every face looks the same.
theyve got no name so I dont need game to play.
i just say whatever I want to whoever I want.
whenever I want wherever I want however I want.
however I do show some respect to few.
this ecstasys got me standin next to you.
gettin sentimental as fuck spillin guts to you.
we just met but I think Im in love with you.
but youre on it too so you tell me you love me too.
wake up in the morning like Yo what the fuck wed do.
i gotta go bitch you know I got stuff to do.
cause if I get caught cheatin then Im stuck with you.
but in the long run these drugs are probably.
gonna catch up sooner or later but fuck it Im on one.
so lets enjoy let the X destroy your spinal cord.
so its not a straight line no more.
til we walk around lookin like some windup dolls.
shits stickin out of our backs like a dinosaur.
shit six hits wont even get me high no more.
so bye for now Im gonna try to find some more.
thats the sound of a bottle when its hollow.
when you swallow it all wallow and drown in your sorrow.
and tomorrow youre probably gonna wanna do it again.
whats a little spinal fluid between you and a friend.
screw it And whats a little bit of alcohol poisonin.
and whats a little fight Tomorrow youll be boys again.
its your life live it however you wanna.
marijuana is everywhere where was you brought up.
it dont matter as long as you get where youre goin.
cause none of this shits gonna mean shit where were goin.
they tell you to stop but you just sit there ignorin.
even though you wake up feelin like shit every mornin.
but youre young youve got a lot of drugs to do.
girls to screw parties to crash sucks to be you.
if I could take it all back now I wouldnt.
i would have did more shit that people said that I shouldnt.
but Im all grown up now and upgraded.
and graduated to better drugs and updated.
but I still got a lotta growing up to do.
i still got a whole lotta throwing up to spew.
but when its all said and done Ill be forty.
before I know it with a 40 on the porch tellin stories.
with a bottle of Jack two grandkids in my lap.
babysittin for Hailie while Hailies out gettin smashed.

drugs really got a hold of me.
really got a hold of me.
these drugs really got a hold of me.
they really got a hold of.

business.
marshall Sounds like an SOS.
holy wack unlyrical lyrics Andre youre fucking right.
to the Rapmobilelets go.
bitches and gentlemen Its showtime.
hurry hurry step right up.
introducing the star of our show.
you wouldnt wanna be anywhere else in the world right now.

you bout to witness hiphop in its most purest.
most rawest form flow almost flawless.
most hardest most honest known artist.
looks like Batman brought his own Robin.
oh God Saddams got his own Laden.
with his own private plane his own pilot.
set to blow college dorm room doors off the hinges.
oranges peach pears plums syringes.
vrinn vrinn Yeah here I come Im inches.
away from you dear fear none.
hiphop is in a state of 911 so.
lets get down to business.
i dont got no time to play around what is this.
must be a circus in town lets shut the shit down.
lets get down to business.
i dont got no time to play around what is this.
must be a circus in town lets shut the shit down.

quick gotta move fast gotta perform miracles.
gee willikers Dre holy bat syllables.
look at all the bullshit that goes on in Gotham.
when Im gone time to get rid of these rap criminals.
so skip to your lou while I do what I do best.
you aint even impressed no more youre used to it.
flows too wet nobody close to it.
nobody says it but still everybody knows the shit.
the most hated on out of all those who say they get hated on.
in eighty songs and exaggerate it all so much.
they make it all up theres no such thing.
like a female with good looks who cooks and cleans.
it just means so much more to so much more.
people when youre rappin and you know what for.
the show must go on so Id like to welcome yall.
to Marshall and Andres carnival cmon.
now lets get down to business.
i dont got no time to play around what is this.
must be a circus in town lets shut the shit down.
lets get down to business.
i dont got no time to play around what is this.
must be a circus in town lets shut the shit down.

its just like old times the Dynamic Duo.
two old friends why panic You already know.
whos fully capable the two caped heroes.
dial straight down the center eightzerozero.
you can even call collect the most feared duet.
since me and Elton played career Russian Roulette.
and never even see me blink or get to bustin a sweat.
people steppin over people just to rush to the set.
just to get to see an MC who breathes so freely.
ease over these beats and be so breezy.
jesus how can shit be so easy.
how can one Chandra be so Levy.
turn on these beats MCs dont see me.
believe me BET and MTV.
are gonna grieve when we leave dog fo sheezy.
cant leave rap alone the game needs me.
til we grow beards get weird and disappear.
into the mountains nothin but clowns down here.
but we aint fuckin around round here.
now lets get down to business.
i dont got no time to play around what is this.
must be a circus in town lets shut the shit down.
lets get down to business.
i dont got no time to play around what is this.
must be a circus in town lets shut the shit down.

so there you have it folks.
back with his friend Andre.
and to remind you that bullshit does not pay.
and never go away.
until our dying day.
so until next time friends.
same blonde hair same rap channel.
good night everyone.
oh.

bitch Please II.
yeah what up Detroit.
you shitted on these niggas two times Dr Dre.
oh fo sho.
uhuh naw you smell that.
yeah its a toast to the boogie baby uh.
to the boogieoogieoogie.
yeah ya know whats crackin Dre.

just let me lay back and kick some old simplistic pimp shit on Slims shit.
and start riots like Limp Bizkit.
best throw on Guilty Conscience at concerts.
and watch mosh pits til motherfuckers knock each other unconscious.
some of these crowds that Slim draws.
is rowdy as Crenshaw Boulevard when its packed and full of cars.
some of these crowds me and Snoop draw IS niggas from Crenshaw.
from Long Beach to South Central.
whoa Not these niggas again.
you and what army could harm me.
came a long way to makin these songs play.
itll be a wrong move to stare at me the wrong way.
i got a long Uz and I carry it all day.
sometimes its like a nightmare just bein Andre.
but I.
somehow some way.
and let me cut these niggas up and show em where the fuck Im comin from.
got about fifty guns and I love.
done hooked up with the king of the motherfuckin West Coast baby.

and you dont really wanna fuck with me.
only nigga that I trust is me.
fuck around and make me bust this heat.
thats the devil they always wanna dance.

im the Head Nigga In Charge Im watchin you move.
youre found dead in your garage with ten oclock news coverage.
gotta love it cause I expose the façade.
your little lungs is too small to hotbox with God.
all jokes aside come bounce with us.
standin over you with a 12 gauge about to bust.
its like ashes to ashes and dust to dust.
i might leave in a bodybag but never in cuffs.
so who do you trust They just not rugged enough.
when things get rough Im in the club shootin with Puff.
bitch please You must have a mental disease.
assume the position and get back down on your knees.
come on.
and you dont really wanna fuck with me.
only nigga that I trust is me.
fuck around and make me bust this heat.
thats the devil they always wanna dance.
and you dont really wanna fuck with me.
only nigga that I trust is me.
fuck around and make me bust this heat.
thats the devil they always wanna dance.

aw naw Big Slim Dogg.
back up in the heezy baby.
give me the mic let me recite til Timothy White.
pickets outside the Interscope offices every night.
what if hes right Im just a criminal makin a livin off of the worlds misery.
what in the world gives me the right to say what I like.
and walk around flippin the bird.
livin the urban life like a white kid from the burbs.
dreamin at night of screamin at Mom schemin to leave.
run away from home and grow to be as evil as me.
i just want you all to notice me and people to see.
that somewhere deep down theres a decent human being in me.
it just cant be found so the reason youve been seeing this me.
is cause this is me now the recent dude whos being this mean.
so when you see me dressin up like a nerd on TV.
or heard the CD usin the fag word so freely.
its just me bein me here want me to tone it down.
suck my fuckin dick you faggot You happy now.
look here.
and you dont really wanna fuck with me.
only nigga that I trust is me.
fuck around and make me bust this heat.
thats the devil they always wanna dance.
and you dont really wanna fuck with me.
only nigga that I trust is me.
fuck around and make me bust this heat.
thats the devil they always wanna dance.

2001 and forever.
slim Shady Dr Dre.
snoop Dogg X to the Z.
nate Dogg come on.

leaving Heaven.

five dozen flies buzzin over your head.
call me the Grim Reaper sleep is my cousin.
youre dead to me now and Ima be the last face you see.
bunch of dogs tryna dry hump it.
like Triumph The Puppet so Im like Fuck it.
pile the carnage up til its so high its touching the sky.
let em all line up and attack.
single filing up in the stack.
cause they just wind up on their backs.
now the skys nothing but black.
but I am not coming back I done told ya.
i told the woke me to go to sleep.
but still they keep on provoking me.
theyre hoping to see me completely broken emotionally.
but how in the fuck am I not supposed to be woke.
when these fuckers just keep poking me Now.
im leaving Heaven.
im leaving Heaven.
angels wont find me.
where I am going.

ive been down kicked.
like around six thousand times since I was a kid.
as a child picked on clowned been.
countless times Ive been outed.
so the route I wents selfempowerment.
in a hole taught myself how to get out of it.
and balance it with talents wit.
cause its only one percent.
who overcome the shit theyve underwent.
i went AWOL like what my back was up against.
dont tell me bout struggle bitch I lived it.
i was five or six the first time I got my hind end kicked.
malcolm Isaac and Boogie jumped me and took my tricycle.
and I dont know if I would call that white privilege yeah.
but I get it how it feels to be judged by pigment.
besides getting it from both sides of the tracks.
but I swore Id get them back.
thought of a scheme and it got me to thinking.
if I can believe in myself I could prolly achieve it.
thats part of the reason I do all my talking with ink.
and as long as Im breathing I vow to outsmart em and beat em.
a God with a heart of a demon go at em and Ima get even.
like Im in the Garden of Eden Im bout to go off of the deep end.
this evil is calling Im already seething and.
im leaving Heaven.
im leaving Heaven.
angels wont find me.
where I am going.

flippin sofa cushions over just tryin to see.
if I could find some change and scrape up for a bite to eat.
if Denaun and me find a couple dimes a piece.
twenty five cents eachd get us a bag of chips.
wed be glad to get that even if we had to split.
wed do backward flips looking back at it.
i think that would fit with the definition of not having shit.
couple that with the fact my mother was batshit.
pop was a sack of shit yeah he died but I gave half a shit.
yeah which brings me back to the dear ol dad that I zero had.
since a yearold fortyseven yearold scab.
just to hear them words ear piercing.
like my earlobe stabbed with a needle for an earring.
should I feel upset You were dead to me fore you died.
me Tear no shed.
should I have made a mural at your funeral.
had your coffin draped with a heros flag.
where the fuck you were at.
when DeAngelo done hurt me real bad at the Rio Grande.
never met your grandkids fucking coward.
only guts you had was from your stomach fat.
i couldnt see your ass goin to Heaven.
so Im asking for a pass to go to Hell.
so I can whip your fucking ass.
i hate that Ill never get to say I hate you to your face.
no coming back from where Im going.
sky is dark my soul is black hand on the shovel.
dig with the blade of it then I step on the metal.
vendetta to settle tell the Devil.


25 to Life.
too late for the other side.
caught in a chase twentyfive to life.
too late for the other side.
caught in a chase twentyfive to life.
too late.
caught in a chase twentyfive to life.

i dont think she understands the sacrifices that Ive made.
maybe if this bitch had acted right I woulda stayed.
but Ive already wasted over half my life I woulda laid.
down and died for you I no longer cry for you no more pain.
bitch you took me for granted.
took my heart and ran it straight into the planet.
into the dirt I can no longer stand it.
now my respect I demand it.
ima take control of this relationship command it.
and Ima be the boss of you now goddamn it.
and what I mean is that I will no longer let you control me.
so you better hear me out this much you owe me.
i gave up my life for you totally devoted to you I have stayed.
faithful all the way this is how I fuckin get repaid.
look at how I dress fuckin baggy sweats go to work a mess.
always in a rush to get back to you I aint heard you yet.
not even once say you appreciate me I deserve respect.
ive done my best to give you nothin less than perfectness.
and I know that if I end this Ill no longer have nothin left.
but you keep treatin me like a staircase its time to fuckin step.
and I wont be comin back so dont hold your fuckin breath.
you know what youve done no need to go indepth.
i told you youd be sorry if I fuckin left I laughed while you wept.
hows it feel now Yeah funny aint it You neglected me.
did me a favor though my spirit free youve set.
but a special place for you in my heart I have kept.
its unfortunate but its.
too late for the other side.
caught in a chase twentyfive to life.
too late for the other side.
caught in a chase twentyfive to life.

i feel like when I bend over backwards for you all you do is laugh.
cause that aint good enough.
you expect me to fold myself in half till I snap.
dont think Im loyal all I do is rap.
how can I moonlight on the side I have no life outside of that.
dont I give you enough of my time You dont think so do you.
jealous when I spend time with the girls why Im married to you still.
man I dont know but tonight Im serving you with papers.
im divorcing you  go marry someone else and make em famous.
and take away their freedom like you did to me.
treat em like you dont need em and they aint worthy of you.
feed em the same shit that you made me eat.
im moving on forget you.
oh now Im special I aint feel special when I was with you.
all I ever felt was this helplessness imprisoned by a selfish bitch.
chew me up and spit me out I fell for this.
so many times its ridiculous.
and still I stick with this Im sick of this.
but in my sickness and addiction youre addictive as they get.
evil as they come vindictive as they make em.
my friends keep askin me why I cant just walk away from.
im addicted to the pain the stress the drama Im drawn to.
shit I guess Im a mess cursed and blessed but this time I.
aint changin my mind Im climbin out this abyss.
youre screamin as I walk out that Ill be missed.
but when you spoke of people who meant the most to you you left me off your list.
fuck you hip hop Im leavin you my life sentence is served bitch.
and its just.
too late for the other side.
caught in a chase twentyfive to life.
too late for the other side.
caught in a chase twentyfive to life.
too late.
caught in a chase twentyfive to.

those Kinda Nights.
damn girl with your sexy ass haha.
let me holla at you.
dA got that dope.
its one of those kinda nights.

yes this beats takin me back to my D12 days.
when we hit the club to go and hellraise.
probably end up baggin the cocktail waitress.
and takin her straight back to the Motel8.
yeah Bizarres tryna get a lap dance.
stripper walk by Im like Goddamn.
holy Toledo its Miss Ohio.
thats the best ass Ive seen in a while.
we should be datin shes from Cleveland.
but shes a bengal this chick is catty.
is that a miniskirt if its a maxi.
she said Fuck off and threw her liquor at me.
its one of those kinda nights.
then I said I said.

if you wanna go hard tonight.
well then the smoke and the bottle are on me ah.
slip into that red dress you like.
when we arrive we probably wont leave ah.
i love the way you move like that.
when you push your body on mine oh my.
you wanna smoke drink dance until the sunrise.
its one of those kinda nights.
this beat keeps takin me back like my ex does.
only cause how good the sex was.
hit up the next club met Alexa.
but she was so extra called her et cetera.
had her like Oh my God.
my whole iPods filled with your songs I mow my lawn to em.
i said Oh my God you know my songs.
seriously though jokes aside how you doin You straight.
she said No Im bi.
she said Are you drunk I said No Im high.
im checkin out the chick she said So am I.
whats in the cup let me see that.
girl where the rest of that promethazine at.
she said Cool gotta run out to my Cadillac though.
and Ill be like Fat Joe and bring the lean back.
then I said.

if you wanna go hard tonight.
well then the smoke and the bottle are on me ah.
slip into that red dress you like.
when we arrive we probably wont leave ah.
i love the way you move like that.
when you push your body on mine oh my.
you wanna smoke drink dance until the sunrise.
its one of those kinda.
oMG.
like the gas in the tank shes gettin low on me.
said she wants to go with me.
i said Go with you where She said Out.
i said Im a candle Ill go out if you blow on me.
walk her out to the parkin lot here comes Da Brigade.
turn like a flip page Swifty look shitfaced.
say peace to McVay and me and this chick take off like a sick day.
drivin around I said Lets pull over she said No problemo.
windows are dark tint roll up the car windows.
monte Carlo in park bumpin Bizarres demo.
gettin head in the bucket Marshmello.
yeah I never in the club met a woman worth knowin.
but if youre hoin.
opposites attract Im someone youre a no one.
im high and youre bi Im comin youre goin.

if you wanna go hard tonight.
well then the smoke and the bottle are on me ah.
slip into that red dress you like.
when we arrive we probably wont leave ah.
i love the way you move like that.
when you push your body on mine oh my.
you wanna smoke drink dance until the sunrise.
its one of those kinda.

i Will.

i thought I heard a voice in my head that said Kill.
i had no other choice that was left except fill.
my pencil full of poisonous lead the devil.
he wants me to murder this beat so I will.
he told me there are doubters who question my skill.
they wanna put my style to the test am I still.
the best They want the crown on my head I said Chill.
if you want me to murder this beat then I will.
im a long way away from where you are in skill.
foreign wheels my bitch wearin fourinch heels.
she on the orange pill.
and she about to start taking off layers like orange peels.
sacha Baron Cohen Ferrell where am I going with this.
oh yeah I bar at will.
and when you throw the iron in it Im all that still.
the truth for real Im real true call that trill.
this is my house this place is mine.
posted on any corner on any coast Im on.
you niggas need to leave that lean Henny and coke alone.
terror to the business married to the strippers TPain.
student of the game preKane you niggas Post Malone.
elite beatboxer minus the raps.
rollin with at least three choppers Ryan is that.
i literally keep three shottas.
im lyrically James Todd Tariq Trotter minus the cap.
i thought I heard a voice in my head that said Kill.
i had no other choice that was left except fill.
my pencil full of poisonous lead the devil.
he wants me to murder this beat so I will.
he told me there are doubters who question my skill.
they wanna put my style to the test am I still.
the best They want the crown on my head I said Chill.
if you want me to murder this beat then I will.

manslaughter goons under the moonlight.
john Wilkes thats who Im in the booth like.
ayy bruh I go ham for dead presidents.
and everything I record is over your head like a boom mic.
why would you irrelevant fucks want to rebel against us.
knowing your Smith  Wesson has never been clutched.
knowing you never been rushed by the most ignorant niggas invented.
them niggas thatll send you to the dentist to get a whole row of elephant tusks.
your teeth gone like you been on some meth and some dust forever.
i see you my niggas call me The Enemy Watcher.
the minute we spot ya the semill pop nigga we got ya.
im livin to conquer remember the mantra Im grippin the launcher.
like Em and the Doctor with no guilty conscience.
im still shockin like droppin a boombox in bathwater.
more shockin than a pissed off Blanka.
i just finished fuckin a fish called Wanda.
im finna wander off into yonder.
beyond just mentally stronger memory monster.
i remember the sponsorin thought that conquered his triple entendre.
you the cross of a unicorn and The Unabomber.
quit horsin around in this building or you a goner.
your Willy Wonka persona wont help you any longer.
im Optimus I make prime examples of mini Tonkas.
hogtie your squad and go bonkers.
spin grab Denauns guitar and Honky Tonk ya.
all your bars subpar like good golfers.

i thought I heard a voice in my head that said Kill.
i had no other choice that was left except fill.
my pencil full of poisonous lead the devil.
he wants me to murder this beat so I will.
he told me there are doubters who question my skill.
they wanna put my style to the test am I still.
the best They want the crown on my head I said Chill.
if you want me to murder this beat then I will.

now this will probably be the most illest shit that Ive ever said.
god bless the dead and let Biggie possess the pencil lead.
they called me a sped and said that I had a messed up head.
cause I said Motherfuck school and instead went to special ed.
sippin Bacardi and lime I start to recollect on the time.
that I startled my mom and had her scared to death.
word to Method Man.
she heard some WuTang coming from towards the patio.
she was like What the heck was that.
she went to check on the noise and go inspect the deck.
then I jumped out with a sword and yelled Protect your neck.
now bow to the Lord hold up no better yet kneel.
better yet get down on all fours and take a vow to always.
rejoice in the sound of my voice but you dont have a choice.
just a third of my will will overpower yours.
using about a fourth to create the amount of force.
itll take to knock out a horse like a tranq full of Tylenol.
enter my house of horrors with a thousand floors.
got a crown of thorns but it wont fit around the horns.
but Ima keep it a buck like a dollar store.
im more than you bargained for and I am far more worse.
than a fortysome bar Lord Jamar verse.
nothing means more than respect so when I curse.
you could say I swore to protect.
my image I have zero time or regard for.
a neverwas been claiming rap when its not yours.
if it was anyones house G Rap and Rakim would be havin you mop floors.
runDMC would be havin you cleanin sinks.
yeah your group was off the chain but you were the weakest link.
rest of these youngins of mine.
time to start throwing some shade this time Im shutting the blinds.
cause when Im looking at yall shit its no wonder its why.
i need a visor cause yall are just sons in my eyes.
born a cynic and more demented than an orphanage with a morgue up in it.
next door to an abortion clinic.
newborn infants tortured and tormented.
with their foreheads dented when they drop cause the floors cemented.
their corpses get ornamented.
the coroner with a storage bin rented.
to store them in and the torsos of forty women reported missin.
distorted twisted this isnt no storybook ending.
this is only the beginning.
so Lord forgive me Im hearing voices.
i cant ignore them anymore theyre winning.
i thought I heard a voice in my head that said Kill.
i had no other choice that was left except fill.
my pencil full of poisonous lead the devil.
he wants me to murder this beat so I will.
he told me there are doubters who question my skill.
they wanna put my style to the test am I still.
the best They want the crown on my head I said Chill.
if you want me to murder this beat then I will.


marsh.
cause with all this ABC shit Im starting to sound like ALF a bit.
ha I kill me this medicines counterfeit.

checked in at the Royal Garden.
to chill and avoid my problems.
until paranoia caused me.
to feel like Im going bonkers.
for real think my toilets talkin.
i spilled like like forty bottles.
of pills think your boy is startin.
to feel like a spoiled carton of milk.
cause it just occurred.
my girls cheatin Im kickin that fucking bitch to the curb.
but the word fucking aint meant to be a descriptive word.
the type of bitch she is aint no adjective its a verb.
ho thinks her snatch is magical.
but thats how she attracts men though.
traps em and attack similar to an actual arachnid.
or a vaginal tarantula or black widow.
in fact itll be nothin to throw that lil bitch with a capital B out the back window.
of the black Cadillac limo like a whack demo.
when Im strapped when I spit rapid like a ratchet.
a halfwit Ill aim at then Ill.
been fire bitch I can outrap Reynolds.
a pad and penll be great but a napkinll do.
return of the whack sicko.
head spinnin like Invisibl Skratch Piklz.
yeah Shadys back see the bat signal.
its time to go bat shit like you accidentally ate a Louisville slugger and crapped it.
id like to introduce myself.
hi there bitch.
call me extra extraterrestrial.

i could keep beefin fuck is the point.
i could make it really difficult for motherfuckers to come to Detroit.
if youre still looking for smoke I already gave you an L.
wait run it back I said give you an L inhale.
puff on the joint I am the blunt you avoid.
used to get jumped for my ProWings.
when I was growing up they said a Slinkys a wonderful toy.
my mother thought I was such a fun little boy.
oh what a bundle of joy.
until the morning she suffered a punch in the groin.
from a tantrum I was throwing.
like a motherfuckin disgruntled employee.
i dont cut the beat til I fuckin destroy it.
once I get going rain thunder its storming.
puddles are forming I hear somebodys voice.
in my head say its still a dream.
then he said kill emcees.
trippie Redd with pills and lean.
sipping meds in the limousine.
getting head guillotine.
extra extra extraterrestrial.

yeah.
you wanna butt heads Shut up Beavis haha.
i got your bitch with her butt out.
you got no hitters you might be pitchin a shut out.
i should just live in a nuthouse.
and Im not chillin the fuck out.
treat you like a stepparent does to a stepchild with red hair and.
plus I get dough like Ed Sheeran so call me the ginger bread man.
im a stan of Redman XClan and Im a Treach fan.
so why wwwwhy else would I call myself an alien.
my name is Marsh and my name is my name is.
my name is.

cold Wind Blows.
cause some things just dont change.
its better when they stay the same.
although the whole world knows your name.
so on a biggest stage they.
came to see you spit your game howoah.
but it shouldnt be difficult to explain.
just why you came back again.
you hate the fame love the game.
cold as ice you remain.
fuck em all tell em all Eat shit.
here we go again.


you can get the dick just call me the ballsack Im nuts.
michael Vick in this bitch dogfall back you mutts.
fuck your worms youve never seen such a sick puppy.
fuck it a sick duck I want my duck sicked mummy.
and my nuts licked gobble em up trick yummy.
bitch you dont fuckin think I know that you suck dick dummy.
youll get your butt kicked fuck all that love shit honey.
yeah I laugh when I call you a slut its funny.
shorty dance while I diss you to the beat fuck the words.
you dont listen to em anyway yeah struck a nerve sucker.
muhfucker might as well let my lips pucker.
like Elton John cause Im just a mean cocksucker.
the shit is on cause you went and pissed me off now Im shittin and pissin on.
everybody give a fuck if its right or wrong.
so puff the Buddha light a bong.
but take a look at Mariah next time I inspire you to write a song.
come on.
oh ohohoh ohoh oh.
im as cold as the cold wind blows.
when it snows and its twenty below.
ask me why man I just dont know.
knowknowknow knowknow know.
im as cold as the cold wind blows.
blBlBlows blowblow blows oh ohoh.

fuck it Im a loose cannon.
bruce Banners back in the booth.
yall are sittin ducks Im the only goose standin.
ill set the world on fire piss on it put it out.
stick my dick in a circle but Im not fuckin around.
motherfucker Ill show you pussyfootin.
ill kick a bitch in the cunt.
til it makes a queef and sounds like a fuckin whoopee cushion.
who the fuck is you pushin.
you mustve mistook me for some sissy soft punk.
lookin for some nookie or bosom.
go ahead fuckin hater push me.
i told you aint no fuckin way to shush me.
call me a faggot cause I hate a pussy.
man the fuck up sissy Gs up.
all you gardeners freeze up.
put your hoes down Shady ease up.
man chill Nah I cant goddamn it rap is a landfill.
drop the anvil these are shoes that you cant fill.
shit the day that happens the world will stop spinnin.
during an earthquake urine in your face cause youre fake.
lightning strike Ow What the fuck That hurt wait.
lightning strike Ow What the fuck I just got struck by lightnin.
alright then I quit God I give up.
call it evil that men do.
lord forgive me for what my pen do.
this is for your sins I cleanse you.
you can repent but I warn you if you continue.
to Hell I send you.
and just then the wind blew and I said.
oh ohohoh ohoh oh.
im as cold as the cold wind blows.
when it snows and its twenty below.
ask me why man I just dont know.
knowknowknow knowknow know.
im as cold as the cold wind blows.
blblblows blowblow blows oh ohohoh oh.

how long will I be this way Shady until my dyin day.
til I hang up the mic and its time for me to say.
so long til then Ill drop the fuckin bombs.
like I missed the pass when I went long.
if you dont like it you can kiss my ass in a lint thong.
now sing along slut this slut that learn the words to the song.
oh bitches dont like that homie Ill be nicer to women.
when Aquaman drowns and the Human Torch starts swimmin.
man Im a cold soul I roll solo so dont compare.
me to them other bums over there.
its like apples to oranges peaches to plums yeah.
im bananas pussy cut off the grapes and grow a pair.
but I swear you try to diss me Ill slaughter you.
i put that on everything like everyone does with AutoTune.
the last thing you want to do.
is have me spit out a rhyme and say I was writing this and I thought of you.
so.
oh ohohoh ohoh oh.
im as cold as the cold wind blows.
when it snows and its twenty below.
ask me why man I just dont know.
knowknowknow knowknow know.
im as cold as the cold wind blows.
blblblows blowblow blows oh ohohoh oh.

i dont know I dont know what caused.
i dont know what caused me to be this way.
i dont know I dont know.
but Ill probly be this way til my dyin day.
i dont know why Im so Im so cold.
mean things I dont mean to say.
i guess this is how you made.

brain Damage.
scalpel.
here.
sponge.
here.
wait hes convulsing hes convulsing.
ahh.
were gonna have to shock him.
oh my God oh my God.
were gonna have to shock him.
oh my God.

these are the results of a thousand electric volts.
a neck with bolts.
nurse were losin him check the pulse.
a kid who refused to respect adults.
wore spectacles with taped frames and a freckled nose.
a cornylookin white boy scrawny and always ornery.
cause I was always sick of brawny bullies pickin on me.
and I might snap one day just like that.
i decided to strike back and flatten every tire on the bike rack.
my first day in Junior High this kid said.
its you and I three oclock sharp this afternoon you die.
i looked at my watch it was 120.
i already gave you my lunch money.
what more do you want from me.
he said Dont try to run from me youll just make it worse.
my palms were sweaty and I started to shake at first.
somethin told me Try to fake a stomach ache it works.
i screamed Ow my appendix feel like they could burst.
teacher teacher quick I need a naked nurse.
whats the matter.
i dont know my leg it hurts.
leg I thought you said it was your tummy.
oh I mean it is but I also got a bum knee.
mr Mathers the fun and games are over.
and just for that stunt youre gonna get some extra homework.
but dont you wanna give me after school detention.
nah that bully wants to beat your ass and Ima let him.
brain damage ever since the day I was born.
drugs is what they used to say I was on.
they say I never knew which way I was goin.
but everywhere I go they keep playin my song.
brain damage ever since the day I was born.
drugs is what they used to say I was on.
they say I never knew which way I was goin.
but everywhere I go they keep playin my song.
brain damage.
way before my baby daughter Hailie.
i was harassed daily by this fat kid named DeAngelo Bailey.
an eighth grader who acted obnoxious cause his father boxes.
so every day hed shove me in the lockers.
one day he came in the bathroom while I was pissin.
and had me in the position to beat me into submission.
he banged my head against the urinal til he broke my nose.
soaked my clothes in blood grabbed me and choked my throat.
i tried to plead and tell him we shouldnt beef.
but he just wouldnt leave.
he kept chokin me and I couldnt breathe.
he looked at me and said You gonna die honky.
the principal walked in and started helpin him stomp me.
i made em think they beat me to death.
holdin my breath for like five minutes before they finally left.
then I got up and ran to the janitors storage booth.
kicked the door hinge loose and ripped out the fourinch screws.
grabbed some sharp objects brooms and foreign tools.
this is for every time you took my orange juice.
or stole my seat in the lunchroom and drank my chocolate milk.
every time you tipped my tray and it dropped and spilt.
im gettin you back bully now once and for good.
i cocked the broomstick back and swung hard as I could.
and beat him over the head with it til I broke the wood.
knocked him down stood on his chest with one foot.
made it home later that same day.
started readin a comic and suddenly everything became gray.
i couldnt even see what I was tryin to read.
i went deaf and my left ear started to bleed.
my mother started screamin What are you on drugs.
she beat me over the head with the remote control.
opened a hole and my whole brain fell out of my skull.
i picked it up and screamed Look bitch what have you done.
oh my God Im sorry son.
shut up you cunt.
i said fuck it took it and stuck it back up in my head.
then I sewed it shut and put a couple of screws in my neck.
brain damage ever since the day I was born.
drugs is what they used to say I was on.
they say I never knew which way I was goin.
but everywhere I go they keep playin my song.
brain damage ever since the day I was born.
drugs is what they used to say I was on.
they say I never knew which way I was goin.
but everywhere I go they keep playin my song.

brain damage its brain damage.
i got brain damage its brain damage.
its probably brain damage its brain damage.
brain damage I got brain.

soldier.
im a soldier.
im a soldier.
im a soldier.
yo.

never was a thug just infatuated with guns.
never was a gangsta til I graduated to one.
and got the rep of a villain for weapon concealin.
took the image of a thug kept shit appealin.
willin to stick out my neck for respect.
if it meant life or death never live to regret what I said.
when youre me people just wanna see if its true.
if its youwhat you say in your raps what you do.
so they feel its part of your obligation to fulfill.
when they see you on the streets face to face are you for real.
in confrontation aint no conversation if you feel.
youre in violation any hesitationll get you killed.
if you feel it kill it if you conceal it reveal it.
being reasonablell leave you full of bullets pull it.
squeeze it til its empty tempt me push me pussies.
i need a good reason to give this trigger a good squeeze.

these shoulders hold up so much.
they wont budge Ill never fall or fold up.
even if my collarbones crush or crumble.
i will never slip or stumble.
these shoulders hold up so much.
they wont budge Ill never fall or fold up.
even if my collarbones crush or crumble.
i will never stumble.
i love pissin you off gets me off.
like my lawyers when the fuckin judge lets me off.
all you motherfuckers gotta do is set me off.
ill violate and all the motherfuckin bets be off.
im a lit fuse anything I do bitch its news.
pistolwhippin motherfucking bouncers 62.
who needs bullets As soon as I pull it you sweat bullets.
an excellent method to get rid of the next bully.
its actually better cause instead of you murderin.
you can hurt em and come back again and kick dirt at em.
its like pourin salt in the wounds assault and get sued.
you can smell the lawsuits soon as I waltz in the room.
everybody halts and stops calls the cops.
all you see is bitches comin out their halter tops.
runnin and duckin out the Hot Rocks parking lot.
youll all get shot whether its your fault or not cause Im a.

these shoulders hold up so much.
they wont budge Ill never fall or fold up.
even if my collarbones crush or crumble.
i will never slip or stumble.
these shoulders hold up so much.
they wont budge Ill never fall or fold up.
even if my collarbones crush or crumble.
i will never stumble.
i spit it slow so these kids know that Im talkin to em.
give it back to these damn critics and sock it to em.
im like a thug with a little bit of Pac influence.
i spew it and look how I got you bitches rockin to it.
you motherfuckers could never do it like I could do it.
dont even try it youll look stupid do not pursue it.
dont ever in your life try to knock the truest.
i spit the illest shit ever been dropped in twoinch.
so tickytock listen as the sound ticks on the clock.
listen to the sound of Kim as she licks on a cock.
listen to the sound of me spillin my heart through this pen.
motherfuckers know that Ill never be Marshall again.
full of controversy until I retire my jersey.
til the fire inside dies and expires at thirty.
and Lord have mercy on any more of these rappers that verse me.
and put a curse on authorities in the face of adversity Im a.

these shoulders hold up so much.
they wont budge Ill never fall or fold up.
even if my collarbones crush or crumble.
i will never slip or stumble.
these shoulders hold up so much.
they wont budge Ill never fall or fold up.
even if my collarbones crush or crumble.
i will never stumble.
yo left yo left yo left right left.
yo left yo left yo left right left.
yo left yo left yo left right left.
yo left yo left yo left right.

alfreds Theme.
coronavirus in effect tonight.
its Music to Bе Murdered By again why stop.
overkill likе a pipe bomb in your pine box.
went from punchin a time clock to getting my shot.
then treated it like a cyclops.
every lines obscene pervertedest mind got the dirtiest rhyme stocked.
so throw on the theme to Alfred Ill channel him like the Panama Canal.
but how could I get up in arms about you saying trash is all that I put out.
bitch I still get the bag when Im putting garbage out.
plus the potty mouth Im not about to wash it out.
the filthiest so all this talk about Im washed up how preposterous.
because if cleanliness is next to godliness.
its obvious that its impossible for me to be beside myself.
and Im bout that capital like a proper noun.
still on top the pile.
got me sitting on numbers like a pocket dial.
quick to call you out on your bullshit.
dont make me give that crock a dial.
cause if I do it see you later alligator.
made it out the trailer then I made a vow to cater to no one.
so hate Ive gained about the same amount thats in my bank account.
so heres some more shit for you to complain about I say the.
i think theyre gunnin for me its startin to feel like that.
like Im marked cause when I rap its like fallin on my back in a tar pit.
but if I ever doublecrossed my fans and lost my Stans.
go in my garage start my van.
inhale as much carbon monoxide and exhaust I can.
and doze off like snores.
but odds like that with these thoughts I haves like a giant getting squashed by ants.
if this is the test of time Id pass with flying colors.
small medium and large size cans.
sanitizers of all types brands cost nine bands.
which is a small price for Lysol wipes and.
if my palms brush across my pants I wash my hands.
shit hold on man.
motherfuck.
happy birthday to.

i sit in silence in candlelit environments.
sipping Wild Irish while getting violent.
homicidal visions when Im spitting like this.
but really Im just fulfilling my wish of killing rhymes.
which is really childish and silly but Im really like this.
im giving nightmares to Billie Eilish Im Diddys side bitch.

what the fuck Hold on wait.
im Diddys side bitch.
oh Im still east side bitch.

so til the END since EPMD.
im so far past the bar I should practice law.
cause this is murder murder and youll get murked murked.
this chicken hit my phone she said Chirp chirp.
i said Hut hut hike your skirt skirt.
then go eat some worms like the early bird.
what the fuck is love Thats a dirty word.
make me fall in it theres not a girl on Earth.
or any other planet thats a world of hurt.
yeah Im a card like Hallmark.
at Walmart with a small cart buying wall art.
and yall who claim to be dogs arent.
no bite like a tree mostly just all bark arf arf.
and I got a lot yeah like where cars park.
cause the gutters where my mind is and when.
its in this frame better split like the five and the ten.
cause without a second to spare Im strikin again.
the cypher begins.
im talkin smack like heroin the mics a syringe.
its like a binge Vicodin I would liken to tin.
my mind is a recycling bin.
theres no place I never been.
but I never budge and I never bend.
you hyperextend on me this games life it depends.
like adult diapers for men.
even when Im rappin less stellar.
like a trey deuce spray you as these shots penetrate through Dres booth.
and go straight through your grapefruit no escape route.
so you wont leave here just scathed with a few scrape wounds.
your ass is grass and I am not gonna graze you.
but if bars were semimacs Id be the Mad Hatter.
no stoppin me youre on a window shopping spree.
bitch you probably go broke at the Dollar Tree.
you never buy shit all you ever cops a plea.
youre always punkin out like Halloween.
you rather opt to flee you need to stop it punk.
homie youre not a G act like you got the pump.
and youre gonna cock the heat or get the Glock and dump.
bitch if you shot a tree you wouldnt pop the trunk.
yeah and Im buddies with Alfred we about to.
disembowel them gut em and scalp em yeah.
this is bout to be the bloodiest outcome.
cause we gon make you bleed with every cut from this album.
so Im choppin em up like Dahmer.
the nut job with the nuts that are bigger than Jabba the Hutt.
im in the cut and Im out for the blood.
its lookin like its that time of the month.
carvin em up with the bars while I sharpen em up dog and a mutt.
im gonna fuck your mom in the butt with a thermometer fuckin phenomenal but.
yall will get cut the fuck up like abdominals if you dont vámonos.
i keep droppin like dominos the formidable abominable.
stompin a mudhole in my comp even if its off the top of the dome.
son em get the Coppertone Im at the Stop and Go coppin the Mop and Glo.
got your stomach in knots like you swallowed rope.
you out of pocket though like a motherfuckin wallet stole.
wait whyd the beat cut off.
fuck.

arose.
if I could rewind time like a tape.
inside a boombox one day for every pill or Percocet that I ate.
cut down on the Valium Ida heard everything.
but death is turning so definitewait.
they got me all hooked up to some machine.
i love you Bean didnt want you to know I was struggling.
feels like Im underwater submerged like a submarine.
just heard that nurse say my liver and kidneys arent functioning.
been flirtatious with death skirtchasing I guess.
its arrivederci same nurse just heard say theyre unplugging me.
and its your birthday Jade Im missing your birthday.
baby girl Im sorry I fucking hate when you hurt Hai.
and sweeties thank you for waiting to open gifts.
but girls you can just open em.
dad aint making it home for Christmas.
wish I had the strength to just blow a kiss.
i go to make a fist but I cant make one Im frozen stiff.
i yell but nothing comes out Im crying inside I shout.
my vocal cords wont permit me I scream but its not aloud.
you put your arm around Momma to calm her wow.
i just thought about the aisle Ill never get to walk us down.
never see you graduate in your caps and gowns.
its bout to be 2008 hows this happening now.
ive got so much more to do.
and Proof Im truly sorry if I let you down but this tore me in two.
the thought of no more me and you.
you gave me shoes Nikes like new for me for school.
doody Im trying but you you were the glue that binded.
so many thingstime Id give anything to rewind it.
i had to walk down my halls and constantly be reminded.
by pictures all on my walls and I couldnt sleep at night cause.
that image burned in my brain of you on that table.
me falling across your body not able to stand to save you.
god why did you take him.
im tryna keep his legacy alive but Im dying wheres Nathan.
little ladies be brave take care of your mother.
smile pretty for pictures always cherish each other.
ill always love ya and Ill be in the back of your memory.
and I know youll never forget me.
just dont get sad when remembering.
and little bro keep making me proud.
you better marry that girl cause shes faithfully down.
and when youre exchanging those sacred vows.
just know that if I could be there I would.
and should you ever see parenthood I know youll be good at it.
oh almost forgot to do something thank my father too.
i actually learned a lot from you.
you taught me what not to do.
and Mom wish Id have had the chance.
to have one last hearttoheart honest and open talk with you.
doody I see you I go to walk to you.
and I can feel my soul leave my body and float across the room.
nurses lean over the bed pulling tubes out.
then the sheet over my head shut the room down.
girls please dont get upset.
i see them cheeks soaking and wet.
as you squeeze hold of my neck so forcibly dont wanna let.
me go pillow drenched emotional wrecks.
with every second each closer to death.
but suddenly I feel my heart begin to beat slow.
mustve guessed the cheat codes to this shit.
im tryna rewind time like a tape.
find an escape make a beeline try and awake.
from this dream I need to refind my inner strength.
to remind me even if a steep climb I must take.
to rewrite a mistake Im rewinding the tape.
ill put out this last album then Im done with it.
one hundred percent finished fed up with it.
im hanging it up fuck it.
excuse the cursing baby but just know.
that Im a good person though they portray me as cold.
and if things should worsen but I bet you they wont.
im pledging to throw this methadone in the toilet.
shred these old letters I wrote.
all that old pathetic loathing closing credits can roll.
im proud to be back.
im bout to like a rematch outdo Relapse.
with Recovery Mathers LP2.
help propel me to victory laps.
gas toward em and fast forward the past.
consider them last four minutes as.
the song Ida sang to my daughters.
if Ida made it to the hospital less than 2 hours later but I fought it.
and came back like a boomerang on em.
now a new day is dawnin.
im up Tuesday its morninnow I know.

square Dance.

people itit feels so good to be back.
laladies and gentgentlemangentleman.
introdududucing the newnew and improvedproved youyou know whowho.
never been the type to bend or budge.
the wrong button to push no friend of Bush.
im the centerpiece youre a Maltese.
im a pit bull off his leash all this peace talk can cease.
all these people I had to leave in limbo.
im back now Ive come to release this info.
ill be brief and let me just keep shit simple.
canibitch dont want no beef with Slim no.
not even on my radar.
so wont you please jump off my dick lay off and stay off.
and follow me as I put these crayons to chaos.
from séance to séance awaawchaaw.
come on now Lets all get on down.
dosido now We gon have a good ol time.
dont be scared cause there aint nothin to worry bout.
let your hair down and square dance with me.
come on now Lets all get on down.
dosido now We gon have a good ol time.
dont be scared cause there aint nothin to worry bout.
let your hair down and square dance with me.
the boogie monster of rap yeah the mans back.
with a plan to ambush this Bush administration.
mush the Senates face and push this generation.
of kids to stand and fight for the right to say somethin.
you might not like this white hot light.
that Im under no wonder I look so sunburnt.
oh no I wont leave no stone unturned.
oh no I wont leave wont go nowhere.
dosido oh yo ho hello there.
oh yeah dont think I wont go there.
yeah you laugh til your mothafuckin ass gets drafted.
while youre at bandcamp thinkin that crap cant happen.
til you fuck around get an Anthrax napkin.
inside a package wrapped in Saran Wrap wrappin.
open the plastic and then you stand back gaspin.
fuckin assassins hijackin Amtraks crashin.
all this terror America demands action.
next thing you know youve got Uncle Sams ass askin.
to join the army or what youll do for their Navy.
you just a baby gettin recruited at 18.
youre on a plane now eatin they food and their baked beans.
im 28 they gon take you fore they take me.
crazy insane or insane crazy.
when I say Hussein you say Shady.
my views aint changed still inhumane wait.
arraigned two days late the dates today hang me.
come on now Lets all get on down.
dosido now We gon have a good ol time.
dont be scared cause there aint nothin to worry bout.
let your hair down and square dance with me.
come on now Lets all get on down.
dosido now We gon have a good ol time.
dont be scared cause there aint nothin to worry bout.
let your hair down and square dance with me.
nothin moves me more than a groove that soothes me.
nothin soothes me more than a groove that boosts me.
nothin boosts me more or suits me beautifully.
psychotic hypnotic product I got a the antibiotic.
aint nobody hotter and so on and yadayada.
god I talk a lot of hemdelaylalala.
oochiewallawalla umdadahdadahda but you gottagotta.
keep movin theres more music to make.
keep makin new shit produce hits to break.
the monotony whats gotten into me.
drugs rock and Hennessy thug like Im Pac on my enemies.
on your knees got you under siege.
somebody you would give a lung to be.
hungary like a fuckin younger me.
fuck the fee I can get you jumped for free.
yeah buddy laugh Its funny I have the money.
to have you killed by somebody who has nothin.
im past bluffin pass the KY.
lets get ready for some intense serious assfucking.
come on now Lets all get on down.
dosido now We gon have a good ol time.
dont be scared cause there aint nothin to worry bout.
let your hair down and square dance with me.
come on now Lets all get on down.
dosido now We gon have a good ol time.
dont be scared cause there aint nothin to worry bout.
let your hair down and square dance with me.
dr Dre wants to square dance with me.
nasty Nas wants to square dance with me.
x to the Z wants to square dance with me.
busta Rhymes wants to square dance with me.
canibitch wont square dance with me.
fanabitch wont square dance with me.
canadabis dont want no parts of me.
dirty Dozen wants to square dance with you.
yeehaw.

we Made You.
guess who Dyou miss me.
jessica Simpson sing the chorus.

youre the one they adore.
were the ones who made you.

ahem back by popular demand.
now pop a little Zantac for antacid if you can.
youre ready to tackle any task that is at hand.
how does it feel Is it fantastic Is it grand.
well look at all the massive masses in the stands.
shady man no dont massacre the fans.
damn I think Kim Kardashians a man.
she stomped him just cause he asked to put his hands.
on her massive gluteus maximus again.
squeeze it then squish it then pass it to a friend.
can he come back as nasty as he can.
yes he can Ken dont ask me this again.
he does not mean to lesbian offend.
but Lindsay please come back to seeing men.
samanthas a two youre practically a ten.
i know you want me girl in fact I see you grin.
now come in girl.
youre the one they adore.
were the ones who made you.

the enforcer looking for more women to torture.
walk up to the cutest girl and charleyhorse her.
sorry Portia but whats Ellen DeGeneres.
have that I dont Are you telling me tenderness.
well I can be as gentle and as smooth as a gentleman.
give me my Ventolin inhaler and two Xenadrine.
and Ill invite Sarah Palin out to dinner then.
nail her baby say hello to my little friend.
brit forget KFed lets cut off the middleman.
forget him or youre gonna end up in the hospital again.
and this time it wont be for the Ritalin binge.
forget them other men girl pay them little attention.
and little did I mention that Jennifers in.
love with me John Mayer so sit on the bench.
man I swear them other guys you give em an inch.
they take a mile they got style but it isnt Slim.
youre the one they adore.
were the ones who made you.

and thats why my love.
youll never live without.
i know you want me girl.
cause I can see you checking me out.
and baby you know.
you know you want me too.
dont try to deny it baby.

damn girl Im beginning to sprout an Alfalfa.
why should I wash my filthy mouth out.
you think thats bad you should hear the rest of my album.
never has there been such finesse and nostalgia.
man Cash I dont mean to mess with your gal but.
wowzers I just made a mess in my trousers.
and they wonder why I keep dressing like Elvis.
lord help us hes back in his pink ALF shirt.
looking like someone shrinked his outfit.
i think hes bout to flip Jessica.
rest assured Supermans here to rescue ya.
can you blame me Youre my Amy Im your Blake.
matter of fact bake me a birthday cake.
with a saw blade in it to make my jailbreak.
baby I think you just met your soulmate.
now break it down girl.
youre the one they adore.
were the ones who made you.

so baby.
baby get down down down.
baby get down down down.
baby get down down down.
baby get down get down.
baby get down down down.
baby get down down down.
baby get down down down.
baby get down get down.
oh Amy Rehab never looked so good.
i cant wait Im going back.
haha woo.
dr Dre 2020.


my Darling.
yeah look.

if I were to rap about the crap thats out.
thats the route you probably want me to take.
cause youre just dyin to know what I think.
and my take on some other rappers.
if I was to say somethin about Paul Wall.
youd probably crap in your pants cause Im white and hes white.
so hes like my competition I mean right.
nope Paul Wall is dope and so is Bubba.
so bububububububububut I dont compete with nobody.
i just go hard do the ropeadope Ali shuffle.
and dance around my opponents do donuts.
sometimes I play possum like Im asleep its awesome.
im like a sleepin giant and when I awake Im like Dre.
i just jump from outta nowhere and bite prey.
and sink my teeth in em and fill em.
full of poison and make a noise like a snake before I kill em.
and let em know that I just dont feel em.
and smack em with the backward E the Eminem emblem.
i was taught if you gonna murder somebody you should face him.
tell him why look him dead in the eye then waste him.
and the dark shall emerge from the fiery depths of hell.
then swallow the shell all the hollow who dwell.
in the shadows of all who are willing to sell their souls.
for this rap game and it gggoes.
onetwothree chkchk onetwothree.
chkchk onetwothree that aint the hook now follow me.
theres nothing else for me to say my public adores me.
everybody bores me theyre just so corny.
so at night before I sleep I look in the mirror.
the mirror grows lips and it whispers Come nearer.
my darling I dont ever want you to leave me my darling.
you and me were meant to be together my darling.
and if I cannot have you no one can youre my darling.
cause I possess your soul your mind your heart and your body.
i dont ever want you to leave me my darling.
you and me were meant to be together my darling.
and if I cannot have you no one can youre my darling.
cause I possess your soul your mind your heart and your body.

shady I know youre in there somewhere come here.
talk to me sit Here pull up a chair.
why dont you cut your hair.
ha ha ha ha ha ha Dye it back come on try it.
ahh no I told you leave me the fuck alone will you.
but Im here to rebuild you  but I already killed you.
but Shady we were meant for each other.
think about your mother  yeah so what of her.
you think about what she did to you and your little brother.
all them foster homes  fuck you motherfucker.
i had you beat  No I was playin possum.
remember I let you watch your little girls blossom.
i gave you enough time your souls mine.
im taking it back  you fuckin bitch why.
because I love you look a little closer.
isnt that us on that poster Hahahaha.
i dont ever want you to leave me my darling.
you and me were meant to be together my darling.
and if I cannot have you no one can youre my darling.
cause I possess your soul your mind your heart and your body.
i dont ever want you to leave me my darling.
you and me were meant to be together my darling.
and if I cannot have you no one can youre my darling.
cause I possess your soul your mind your heart and your body.

theyre screaming for you I can bring your career back.
but I dont want it back  Yes you do  no I dont.
yes you do Youre gonna regret it later  no I wont.
ima get Dre on the phone Ill just call the Doctor.
go ahead I already talked to Dre yesterday.
well I got him on the phone right now.
i dont know it just seems like ever since you got off your.
but Dre all Shady is is a bottle of hair bleach and vodka.
im not in the mirror Im inside you.
let me guide you  fuck you Die you son of a bitch.
put the gun down  byebye Boom.
okay Im still alive  So am I too.
you cant kill a spirit even if you tried to.
haha you sold your soul to me need I remind you.
you remember that night you prayed to God.
youd give anything to get a record deal Well Dre signed you.
this is what you wanted your whole life Marshall right Ooh.
look at this house look at these cars theyre so nice woo.
oh but you didnt know fame has a price too.
that you just now seeing the downside to.
lose your best friend from high school your wife too.
aint even sure if your kids like you.
come off tour cant even sleep at night without NyQuil.
become a Valium addict start a rehab cycle.
but together we can break the cycle.
marshall  What  No ones gonna love you like I do.
chainsaw starting up.
my darling I dont ever want you to leave me my darling.
you and me were meant to be together my darling.
and if I cannot have you no one can youre my darling.
cause I possess your soul your mind your heart and your body.
i dont ever want you to leave me my darling.
you and me were meant to be together my darling.
and if I cannot have you no one can youre my darling.
cause I possess your soul your mind your heart and your body.
you and me were meant to be together my darling.
and if I cannot have you no one can youre my darling.

framed.
having creepy visions of whiskey drinking.
and envisioning sneaking into where Christie Brinkley dwells.
i know this is risky thinking but I wanna stick her like shes decals.
but when murdering females.
better pay attention to these details or you could be derailed.
better wear at least three layers of clothing or be in jail.
if you get scratched because your DNAll.
be all up under her fingernails.
man he hears you I dont think he cares.
he gives a fuck even his pinky swears.
three personalities burstin out of me please beware.
her TV blares cant hear the creaking stairs.
shes unaware in no underwear shes completely bare.
turns around and screams I remember distinctly.
i said Im here to do sink repairs.
chop her up put her body parts.
in front of Steven Averys trailer and leave em there.

but hey man I was framed.
i know what this looks like officers.
please just give me one minute.
i think I can explain.
i aint murdered nobody.
i know these words are so nutty.
but Im just here to entertain.
how come your shirt is so bloody.
theres a missing person so what Hes.
got nothin to do with me.
im almost certain I was framed.
woke up it was dawn musta knew somethin was wrong.
think Im becomin a monster cause of the drugs that Im on.
donald Ducks on theres a Tonka Truck in the yard.
but dog how the fuck is Ivanka Trump in the trunk of my car.
gotta get to the bottom of it to try to solve it.
must go above and beyond cause its incumbent upon me.
plus I feel somewhat responsible for the dumb little blonde.
girl that motherfuckin baton twirler that got dumped in the pond.
second murder with no recollection of it.
collectin newspaper articles cuttin out sections from it.
memorys too fucked to remember destructive temper.
cut my public defenders jugular then stuck him up in a blender.
another dismembered toddler discovered this winter probably.
cause the disassembled body.
was covered up in the snow since the month of November oddly.
im wanted for questioning.
them son of a bitches probably just wanna pin this on me.

but hey man I was framed.
i know what this looks like officers.
please just give me one minute.
i think I can explain.
i aint murdered nobody.
i know these words are so nutty.
but Im just here to entertain.
how come your shirt is so bloody.
theres a missing person so what Hes.
got nothin to do with me.
im almost certain I was framed.
still on the loose they.
spotted me inside McDonalds Tuesday.
in a Toronto Blue Jays cap lookin like your college roommate.
with Rihanna Lupe Saddam Hussein Bobby Boucher.
or was it Cool J The cops is on a goose chase.
just escaped from the state pen.
dont make it no weirder Im naked.
when I break in your basement.
under your babys play pen I lay in wait adjacent.
facin the door remainin patient while stayin complacent.
blatant sexual implications are continuin to get thrown.
insinuations are placed in little riddles and poems.
left on your pillow in hopes that when you get home.
youll get the hint ho Im in your window.
but it never occurred to me I could describe a murder scene.
in a verse and be charged with first degree.
cause it just happened to match up perfectly.
with the massacre or the Burger King burglary.
no officer you see.

i was framed.
i know what this looks like officers.
please just give me one minute.
i think I can explain.
i aint murdered nobody.
i know these words are so nutty.
but Im just here to entertain.
how come your shirt is so bloody.
theres a missing person so what Hes.
got nothin to do with me.
im almost certain I was.

cinderella Man.
yeah you know technically.
im not even really supposed to be here right now.
so fuck it might as well make the most of it.

who can catch lightning in a bottle set fire to water.
comin out the nozzle on a fire hose flyer than swatters.
cinderella Man Cinderella Man.
cinderella Man Cinderella Man.
smash an hourglass grab the sand take his hands and cup em.
spit a rhyme to freeze a clock take the hands of time and cuff em.
cinderella Man Cinderella Man.
cinderella Man Cinderella Man.
theres a storm comin that the weatherman couldnt predict.
i start to bug prick you better flee cause I get ticked.
its a wrap I was down when I was down I was kicked.
i got up Im back to punch you to the ground youre tricked.
its a trap fuck my last CD the shits in my trash.
ill be goddamned if another rapper gets in my ass.
i hit the gas and I spit every rap as if its my last.
you can die in the blink of an eye so bat your eyelashes.
and keep winkin and blowin kisses cause youre flirtin with death.
im destroyin your livelihood I aint just hurtin your rep.
i catch a flow and get goin no remorse Im showin aint slowin.
for no one knowin theres nothin you can do about it.
zero in on my target like a marksman the target is you.
i shut your lane down took your spot parked in it too.
arsenic flow lighter fluid salivawhat can you do.
go get your crew to hype you up stand behind you like Woo.
that boys hot enough to melt Hell burn Satan too.
fry his ass and put his ashes back together with glue.
so you can hate him he dont blame you frankly he would too.
this game could ill afford to lose him how bout you.
he came to the ball in his wife beater lost his Nike shoe.

if I had a time machine.
id be Cinderella Man.
cinderella Man Cinderella Man.
cinderella Man Cinderella Man.
music is my time machine.
so call me.
cinderella Man Cinderella Man.
cinderella Man Cinderella Man.

fuck catchin lightning he struck it screamed Shut up at thunder.
then flipped the world upside down and made it rain upward.
cinderella Man Cinderella Man.
cinderella Man Cinderella Man.
rewound the future to the present paused it dont ask how.
fuck the past motherfucker hes the shit right now hes.
cinderella Man Cinderella Man.
cinderella Man Cinderella Man.
cinderella man Cinderfella Shady Dane came.
to wrap the game up in cellophane raise hell from Hell he came.
but didnt come to bore you with the Cinderella story.
nor did he come to do the same old cant afford to be.
a lameo in this day and age and at this stage of the game.
mediocrity can no longer be allowed to fly so say bye.
to the old HI to the new que será.
consider it his last hurrah the coup de grâce raise em high.
in the sky keep em up time to bring the place alive.
thanks for bein patient I wont make no more mistakes shit my.
potatos baked homie the veggies on my plate can fly.
my filet is smokin weedyeah faggot the stakes are high.
shit I aint even sposed to be here by the grace of God.
the skin on my teeth and a hair on my nuts I skated by.
now yall are on thin ice with ankle weights Id hate to lie.
how fuckin irritated are you How much in your face am I.
and aint shit you can do but fear it Proof is here in spirit.
and Im his spittin image I mirror it when I stand near it.
your pussy lyric I cunt hear it.
who forms pyramids and raps circles around square lyricists.
he came to the ball in his wife beater lost his Nike shoe.

if I had a time machine.
id be.
cinderella Man Cinderella Man.
cinderella Man Cinderella Man.
music is my time machine.
so call me.
cinderella Man Cinderella Man.
cinderella Man Cinderella.

