18002738255.
ive been on the low I been taking my time.
i feel like Im out of my mind.
ive been on the low I been taking my time.
i feel like Im out of my mind.
it feel like my life aint mine.

i dont wanna be alive I dont wanna be alive.
i just wanna die today I just wanna die.
i dont wanna be alive I dont wanna be alive.
i just wanna die.
and let me tell you why.

all this other shit Im talkin bout they think they know it.
ive been praying for somebody to save me no ones heroic.
and my life dont even matter I know it I know it.
i know Im hurting deep down but cant show it.
i never had a place to call my own.
i never had a home aint nobody callin my phone.
where you been Where you at Whats on your mind.
they say every life precious but nobody care about mine.

ive been on the low I been taking my time.
i feel like Im out of my mind.
ive been on the low I been taking my time.
i feel like Im out of my mind.
it feel like my life aint mine.
i want you to be alive I want you to be alive.
you dont gotta die today you dont gotta die.
i want you to be alive I want you to be alive.
you dont gotta die now let me tell you why.
its the very first breath when your heads been drowning underwater.
and its the lightness in the air when youre there chesttochest with a lover.
its holding on though the roads long seeing light in the darkest things.
and when you stare at your reflection finally knowing who it is.
i know that youll thank God you did.

i know where you been where you are where you goin.
i know youre the reason I believe in life.
whats the day without a little night.
im just tryna shed a little light.
it can be hard.
it can be so hard.
but you gotta live right now.
you got everything to give right now.

ive been on the low I been taking my time.
i feel like Im out of my mind.
ive been on the low I been taking my time.
i feel like Im out of my mind.
it feel like my life aint mine.
i finally wanna be alive I finally wanna be alive.
i dont wanna die today I dont wanna die.
i finally wanna be alive I finally wanna be alive.
i dont wanna die I dont wanna die.

pain dont hurt the same I know.
the lane I travel feels alone.
but Im moving til my legs give out.
and I see my tears melt in the snow.
but I dont wanna cry I dont wanna cry anymore.
i wanna feel alive I dont even wanna die anymore.
oh I dont wanna.
i dont wanna.
i dont even wanna die.

homicide.
son you know why you the greatest alive.
why Dad.
because you came out of my balls nigga.
hahahahahaha.

fuck rap.
bustin like an addict with a semiautomatic.
who done had it and he ready for anybody to buck back.
hold up catch a vibe aint no way in hell we leavin nobody alive.
leave a suicide note fuck that.
bobby feelin villainous he killin this.
im comin for your man and his lady and even the baby.
im feelin like Im chikachikachika Slim Shady with rabies.

im foamin at the mouth aint nobody takin me out.
every single rapper in the industry yeah they know what Im about.
and I dare you to test me.
cause not a single one of you motherfuckers impress me.
and maybe thats a little bit of an exaggeration.
but Im full of innovation.
and Im tired of all of this high school Hes cool hes not rap shit.
can a single one of you motherfuckers even rap Shit.
no this aint a diss to the game this a gas to the flame.
nowadays everybody sound the same shits lame.
like a moth to the flame Ima reel em in and kill em.
know you feelin lyricism when Im spillin it Im feelin myself.
yeah yeah Bobby Boy he be feelin himself.
mass murder like this cant be good for my health.
when I rap like this do I sound like shit.
well it dont really matter cause Im killin this shit.
yeah Im killin this shit.
oh yeah oh yeah Im killin this shit.
bobby how many times you been killin this shit.
find another rhyme goddamn nigga shit.
fuck rap.
bustin like an addict with a semiautomatic.
who done had it and he ready for anybody to buck back.
hold up catch a vibe aint no way in hell we leavin nobody alive.
leave a suicide note fuck that.
bobby feelin villainous he killin this.
im comin for your man and his lady and even the baby.
im feelin like Im chikachikachikachika.
chikachikachikachikachika Slim Shady.

theres nowhere to hide we call this shit genocide.
we gon leave em crucified we call this shit genocide.
i got bitches I got hoes I got rare designer clothes.
no we aint fuckin with that.
yeah theres a time and a place.
but if you aint comin with the illest of raps.
callin yourself the greatest alive.
then you dont deserve to do that.
no no oh no no please do not do that.
you gon get smacked.
you gon make Bobby attack.
you gon make Bobby Boy snap.
fuck rap.
bustin like an addict with a semiautomatic.
who done had it and he ready for anybody to buck back.
hold up catch a vibe aint no way in hell we leavin nobody alive.
leave a suicide note fuck that.
bobby feelin villainous he killin this.
im comin for your man and his lady and even the baby.
im feelin like Im chikachikachikachika.
chikachikachikachikachika Slim Shady.

jiggajiggajiggajiggajigga like JAYZ.
jig is up you fuckers who didnt write anything.
are getting washed ligaligaliga like bathing.
young Hova I know hitters like Yankees.
gun toters that pull triggers like crazy.
unloadin leave you shot up in your Rover.
your body goes limp and slumps over.
like ARod in a month lull but he just homered.
hol up I said Rover because now your Rover is red.
like Red Rover so you know what I meant.
but I roll over my opponents instead.
makin dog sounds cause I gotta keep breakin these bars down.
ill go slow for the speds.
beast mode motherfuckers bout to get hit.
with so many foul lines youll think Im a free throw.
figured it was about time for people to eat crow.
you about to get outrhymed how could I be dethroned.
i stay on my toes like the repo a behemoth in sheeps clothes.
from the East Coast to the West Im the ethos and Im the GOAT.
who the best I dont gotta say a fuckin thing though.
cause MCs know.
but you dont wanna hear me spit the facts.
your shit is ass like a tailbone.
or youre trapped in your cell phone.
or my chicken scratch or my selfloathe.
i dont wanna fuckin listen to you spit your raps someone else wrote.
used to get beat up by the big kids.
used to let the big kids steal my big wheel.
and I wouldnt do shit but just sit still.
now moneys not a big deal.
im rich I wipe my ass with six mill.
big bills like a platypus.
a caterpillars comin to get the cannabis.
im lookin for the smoke but you motherfuckers are scatterin.
batterin everything and Ive had it with the inadequate.
man I can see my dick is standin stiff as a mannequin.
and Im bringin the bandana back and the fuckin headband again.
a handkerchief and Im thinkin of bringin the fuckin fingerless gloves back.
and not giving a singular fuck like fuck rap.
i sound like a fuckin millionaire.
with a Derringer with a hair trigger.
bout to bear hug a fuckin terrier the Ric Flair dripper.
yall couldnt hold a candle at a prayer vigil.
when I vent they compare me to a fuckin air duct.
im bout to bareknuckle it nah fuck it.
im gonna go upside their head with a Nantucket.
abracafuckindabra.
the track is the blood Im attracted Im attackin it.
what Dracula fuck that shit.
im up back with a thud.
man stop.
look what Im plannin plannin Im plannin to.
do all this while ya panickin.
and youre lookin and starin at mannequins.
and Im goin to Fanagans.
trying to get up a plan against.
all of the blanakazanakafambambannigans.
while of all the banakazanika Hanna in a cabana.
youre in a cab.
im in a cabana and a Janet.
im in a cabana chantin all this standup banter.
while you dont got the stamina youre lackin the stamina.
youre lackin the stamina while youre divorcin Harrison Ford.
and Im in a Porsche on the floorboards.
while Im world tourin.
you usin way too many napkins papkins.
lapkins and chapki.
you using ChapStick and napkins while Im bapkin.
flappin around like a bapkin.
flamminababbitapannitajampkin.
dammit a can of.

gang Related.
yeah uh yeah.

livin life like this.
gotta paint a picture when I write like this.
tales from my hood not a sight like this.
where they up to no good on a night like this.
and they murder motherfuckers just cause.
type of shit I see you probably wonder where I was.
i was in the crib just sittin on the rug.
basedheads comin through lookin for the plug.
now born and raised in my area.
beautiful by day by night its hysteria.
fuck around and bury ya tonight.
ridin with my homies on sight.
momma tell me to come in at night.
now I really gotta go but they never know.
livin life to the fullest I gotta blow.
popo finna bust in the door we got blow in the crib.
in the kitchen over there next to the baby with the bib.
goddamn what it feel like middle of the night.
wakin up scared for my life.
never had the heat just a knife.
when the gat go blat like that.
guarantee you its a wrap.
finna put you on your back like that.
just breathe while their mama grieve.
bullet to the dome like an Aleve.
gotta leave for the premises to murder my nemesis.
no no uh uh just stop stop stop.
fore they even call the cops.
do it for the money and the bitches.
and the drugs and the props.
tell me why another body even gotta drop.
get shot off top for some shit that was gang related.
up first at five tonight breaking news in Gaithersburg where a massive manhunt is underway after a deadly shooting Its all unfolding in the 400 block of West Deer Park and 355 Our Montgomery County reporter joins us with the latest tonight.
livin life like this.
hope little Bobby never fight like this.
stab a motherfucker with a knife like this.
all about the money on a night like this.
run up in the crib put a bullet in your rib.
got a lot to give but I never had the chance.
never had the chance yeah.
stay strapped but I hate it when I take it out.
if you want it Ima lay it out.
hope my little brother make it out.
every night what I pray about what I pray about.
check it uh yeah got a son on the way.
but I cling to the streets even though I wanna run away.
i imagine a better life.
where I never had a debt in life.
hit you with the gunshots in the dead of night.
sellin crack to my own pops.
pushin this weight on my own block.
if I sell a brick I can buy a house.
if they find the key they might lock me up.
but I take the chance cause I need that shit and dont give a fuck.
take the chance cause I need that shit and dont give a fuck.
hit ya with the Beretta you better stay down.
stray shots on the playground.
livin how Im livin with the life that Im given.
anybody thats ridin with me Im ridin with em.
show me the enemy and Ima hit em.
the second I bit em I get em.
and hit em with the venom.
aint no need to pretend Ima never do it.
i knew it already been through it.
i do it for the street for the fam for the life.
anybody thats gang.

44 More.
ayy bitch Ive been goin and goin like the Energizer.
yeah Im supplyin the wood like Elijah.
in the cut smokin on indica.
might fuck around and compartmentalize ya.
they say they say life is a bitch.
and if that is the case then Im finna surprise her.
no I am not an advisor but I do advise ya.
to pay attention never need to mention.
im that motherfucker bustin heads.
finna push it to the ledge.
yeah I been smokin my meds.
aint got no love for the feds.
cant let fame go to yo head.
fuck with me watch where you tread.
im finna kill it instead.
im finna Im finna Im finna.
i will I will do it like I never done it.
and I wanna run it and I wanna keep it goin and goin.
like infinity be the only entity to ever rip it apart.
from the start like this from the heart like this.
finna murder it a million miles a minute no nitrous.
doin righteous.
iI been III been down this road before.
everybody think that they do but they dont.
swear to God that they would but they wont.
spittin riddles in the middle of a pasttime.
me in my mind feelin divine like yeah.
finna get it like yeahyeah.
he in the club throwin dollars.
daddy just wanna be loved.
but somehow he had neglected.
no I cannot fuck with that.
who you know dropped an album.
back to back to back to back to back to back again.
im back again to snap again.
and goddamnit it aint no other way around it.
yeah its happenin cause Ive been livin in a world on my own.
leave me alone Im in the zone.
where Ive been prone to destroy shit.
you cannot avoid this wack mothafuckas have annoyed this.
yes you know I enjoy this.
preach mothafuckin preach.
yeah Im tryna reach everybody in the streets.
writin words to the beats.
each one teach one yeah Im tryna reach one.
who the beast one.
that be me on the top to the East one.
tell me how you really wanna do it right now time to murder this.
shout out everybody no fuckin around aint heard of this.
heard of us we aint goin nowhere its a herd of us.
hold up roll up.

levitated like Im David Blaine.
livin a dream like Im David Aames.
talk all you want we are not the same.
step in the spot now they know the name.
sold more albums my first week than Harry Styles and Katy Perry.
if that aint a sign of the times.
then I dont know what is man this shit is scary.
cause bitch Ive been blowin up like C4.
and Im 3 for 3 like a free throw.
anybody hatin on the boy take a step back and then deepthroat.
now my phone blowin up like ring.
like ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring.
that Kevin Durant Im a champion.
check the numbers Im a champion.
cant sleep on the boy anymore.
but the haters that love to hate gon pop an Ambien.
star Lord champion.
know the name now they know the alias thats for sure.
gave em 44 now heres 44.

everybody.
okay I was gone for a minute but Im back now.
sit the fuck back down.
seem like everybody nowadays Hollywood.
oh its like that now.
ima show you mothafuckas how to act now.
ima show em how to act.
ima show em how to act.

okay now picture little Bobby just a youngin runnin round.
with his mans hammer in his hands feelin like the man.
run mothafucka run.
before the popo get the gun put it to your brain like goddamn.
everybody know you aint about it.
everything you talk about I know I can live without it.
red light stop Green light go.
everything aint what it seem like.
mothafucka I know.
hold up what you mean where you been.
bitch I been in.
this is merely the beginning again.
what you been living in.
a box under the bridge like Anthony Kiedis.
looking for something to complete us.
and maybe lead us fuck an elitist.
hell of a long way from equal is how they treat us.
body of a builder with the mind of a fetus.
turn on the television and see the vision they feed us.
and I wish I could erase that face facts.
everybody people everybody bleed everybody need something.
everybody love everybody know how it go.
everybody people everybody bleed everybody need something.
everybody love everybody know.

i been knockin doors down like a Jehovah witness.
god as my witness Im with this.
but on the real I think I need another witness.
if it was 1717 black daddy white momma wouldnt change a thing.
light skin mothafucka certified as a house nigga.
well Ill be God damned go figure.
in my blood is the slave and the master.
its like the devil playin spades with the pastor.
but he was born with the white privilege.
man what the fuck is that.
white people told me as a child as a little boy playin with his toys.
i should be ashamed to be black.
and some black people look ashamed when I rap.
like my great granddaddy didnt take a whip to the back.
not accepted by the black or the white.
i dont give a fuck praise God I could see the light.
everybody talkin bout race this race that.
i wish I could erase that face facts.
everybody people everybody bleed everybody need something.
everybody love everybody know how it go.
everybody people everybody bleed everybody need something.
everybody love everybody know.

okay I was gone for a minute but Im back now.
sit the fuck back down.
seem like everybody nowadays Hollywood.
oh its like that now.
ima show you mothafuckas how to act now.
ima show em how to act.
ima show em how to.

under Pressure.

dog roundfrom afrom adog roundonce a.
dog roundfrom afrom adog roundonce a.
dog roundfrom afrom adog roundonce a.
dog roundfrom afrom adog round.

work so fucking much my greatest fear is Ima die alone.

flashbacks of a youngin sippin that purple KoolAid.
skippin school with my homies and chiefing reefer for two days.
running from the law livin how Im livin fuck em all.
bumping Triple Six.
hennessy in my cup drivin through the sticks.
who the bitch ridin with me.
man the devil tryna get me.
motivated undereducated and hated.
but finally gettin cake like a happy belated.
bitch I made it we on.
buy it break it roll it light it smoke it inhale it.
write it record it mix it master it press it up unveil it.
feel like Ive been waitin forever forever to inherit.
this is war I declare it.
time is money I cant spare it.
futuristic so simplistic.
please decipher my linguistics.
slow it down Robitussin.
im the king aint no discussion.
and now we blowin up like spontaneous human combustion.
my consumption is the illest.
section eight I know you feel this.
on the come up  where they run up on you for nothin at all.
brighter than eleven suns this the first where my funds.
eBT thats the card.
i thank God I thank God but its hard.
uh but its hard.
uh work so fuckin much my greatest fear is Ima die alone.
every diamond in my chain yeah thats a milestone.
people callin me askin me for money man.
the only thing Ima give you motherfuckers is the dial tone.

god damn god damn we at it again.
me and my homies that know me blowing up like the Taliban.
yeah my stress up but Im blessed up.
fuck around and get messed up.
when I murder the rhyme Im livin divine.
you know that Im one of a kind.
lemme get it right now ho.
right now ho.
caked up til I cash out and I got em all wonderin How so.
on the down low haters drown slow.
on the down low haters drown slow.
oh God my God we got it all right.
oh God my God we gotta get it right.
these fuckers facades they just a mirage right.
i said these fuckers facades they just a mirage right.
uh tell me that they love me.
know damn well that they dont give a fuck.
i be on that fingerflippin killin shit up in the cut.
thats whats up.
all these bitches out here tryna gas it up.
this is everything I ever wanted I cant pass it up.
life changed in a year couldnt happen fast enough.
can I do it like you do it Thats what they be askin us.
white Benz black card bitch better get your plastic up.
man this shit is hella hard but we never actin up.
live it up hold on to your dream dont ever give it up.
finally had my share of success and shit I cant get enough.
now they know my name through the nation.
cause my single like that good shit man always in rotation.
now they know Logic for Logic not through my affiliations.
stackin profit on profit from this music Im makin.
even Jesus had haters so when you feelin forsaken.
tell em jealous Judases who this is and man thatll break em.
and bitch Im still the same.
dash of autotune so yall can feel the pain.
broke as fuck back in that basement not a dollar to my name.
chasin fame chasin glory til the day we make a story.
positive that life aint mine bitch you can take that shit to Maury.
work so fuckin much my greatest fear is Ima die alone.
every diamond in my chain yeah thats a milestone.
people callin me askin me for money man.
the only thing Ima give you motherfuckers is the dial tone.
i been workin hard I been searchin for God.
i been workin hard I been searchin for God.
little brother this is yo sister youre busy I get you.
but I insist you call me back cause I miss you.
i wish you well well I wish you would call.
cause lately it feel like Im just not yo sister at allall.
uh Im sorry for callin and bawlin Im all in.
and I feel like Im fallin lately it feel like my children hate me.
you tell me Im beautiful and yet no man wanna date me.
haunted by vivid memories of that man who raped me.
and lately I I feel more and more like mommy I know Im me but still.
you always seemed to pick up the phone and somehow I feel.
better but you been answerin me lesser and lesser.
so I resorted to the pills in my dresser Im gone.
and as for oh no he left and he aint comin back.
i hate him and if I see him I swear I tell him that.
no longer cookin crack in my kitchen cuttin an sellin that.
he broke my heart that relationship been to hell and back.
i been workin hard I been searchin for God.
i can feel the Devil around me as they all applaud.
promise you wont forget me that youll always be wit me.
and even when you gone I can call whenever he hit me.
under pressure Ive been feeling under pressure.
hey son this is your father dont mean to bother.
how are you Heard you were in town but I never saw ya.
tried to call ya where are ya.
in Paris What a beautiful destination.
to perish right by the Eiffel come now.
please dont be spiteful of all my small talk.
i think were overdue a long talk.
when I see kids around the way I say how Im your dad.
it gets me thinkin bout incredible moments weve had.
and on the real Im tryin so hard not to bug you.
but do you think you could stop rappin about my drug use.
im two years clean no longer a fiend.
yeah Im 57 but I feel 19.
and I love you I swear Bobby I know youre there.
and when the time is right I know that you gon take care.
of anything I need of yo family.
can I have some tickets to your next show.
would you stand wit me.
can I have some money for my new honey thats hella fine.
i forgot to mention I got divorced from yo stepmom.
my mind goin crazy but I still look hella calm.
maybe you could tell beep.
ive been feelin under pressure.
hey whats up bro This Ralph I didnt want much man just calling to see whats going on I know youre busy Uh Dad hit me up its his birthday today but I know you know that Uh yeah he calling he be tryna introduce me to his new chick and stuff man I dont know how to handle that I dont wanna tell him like nah I aint trying to meet her off top you know So what you think I should do Text me I know youre busy dawg But he been callin me saying he wanna come down he wanna bring his new chick and Brendas like Damn he really tryna rock out with his new chick cause you know we all fuck with Debbie But I dont know I dont know how to tell him this shit so just hit me back whenever you got the time man I know theres more shit on your plate You aintyou aint gotta hit me dawg but if you do Id appreciate it When you back love you do your thing Swag RattPack all day boy Alright nigga hit me.
uh yeah dear family Im so sorry that Ive been distant.
everything changed in an instant my time has been inconsistent.
i know that you been insistin I know that birthday I missed it.
i swore I told my assistant but I guess my mind is in another place.
thoughts off in another world I started seein another girl.
it fell through man what a world.
but Im so focused on my craft on employin my staff.
such a perfectionist I cant even finish this draft.
this letter to the ones I love the ones that I miss.
brothers and sisters that hit me up just to reminisce.
meanwhile people outside of my blood askin for favors.
i dont owe you a fuckin thing you best switch yo behavior.
truly remarkable how I barely know you but somehow owe you When you dont even know bout the shit I go through uh.
we aint spoken in a while tell me sister how yo child.
come now girl give me a smile come on girl dont do me foul.
sorry I aint call before but Im callin you right now.
i heard that you was poppin E stop resortin to the vowel.
how my mama how she doin Does she know what Im pursuin.
i aint talk to her in years that relationship she ruined.
but sometimes I wake up and wonder just what the fuck Im doin.
they say family is everything I swear that shit the truth.
i should spend it all with yall but I spend it in the booth.
this is everything I love this is everything I need.
never sacrifice this feelin even though my heart it bleed.
this is everything I love everything I need.
never sacrifice this feelin even though my heart bleed.
under pressure Ive been feelin under pressure.

hey son Im sorry I missed your call today but I was in an AA meeting Um a friend of mine was celebrating four years so I couldnt get you right then And then when I did call you you werent able to answer or whatever Just wonderin how things are going Deb and I arent together anymore um Livin on my own you know um Anyway the whole family even the family that you dont know my sisters and your aunts that youve never met are very proud of you Your cousins just love you too Anyway son I love you I just want you to know that And just keep grindin you know And um I dont wanna hear you joinin the Illuminati cause then I gotta kill ya Hmhm I love you son.

nikki.
i can feel you in my lungs feel you in my veins.
bloodstream only way to make it to my brain.
i tried some others but man they just not as good as you.
going crazy cause I only feel this good with you.
maybe Im just not as strong as I once was.
when were together lately I dont even feel a buzz.
nikki baby I love you but now I gotta go.
cause in the end what happens you already know.
probably wonder where I been at I been laying low.
all these other bitches on my dick but I cant fuck with that.
youre the only girl I need I gotta have you back.
uh I know this shorty that go by the name of Mary.
i used to fuck her way back when I didnt know a thing.
skipping school with all my homies on some truancy.
but when I ended things with her it was just you and me.
doing me good thats what I thought at first.
me and you together swear to God thats all that worked.
uh my heart is hard at work.
we been together like ten years.
goddamn took me as a young man.
everyday I wonder who I am who will I be where will I go.
what will they write upon my grave.
a free man born as a king who died as a slave.
but everything he gave her was for nothing though.
oh no I cant fade that shit I gotta let you go.
you got me tripping like a flight to Vegas.
all this shit you got me doing man its outrageous.
all I know is Im living the life I never would.
finally let you go I thought I never could.
dont get me wrong cant forget the times shared.
seem like everywhere I go I always know youre there.
tried to run but my legs wont.
i look away but my head dont.
i love it when youre fresh.
i love it when I take your top off and we share the same breath.
i hate it that I need you Nikki.
but I love it when I feed you Nikki.
i hate that I bleed for you.
uh I long and I need for you.
i wish I could erase you youre everywhere I go.
but youre everywhere I long to be.
and all these other people that dont seem to understand.
im just a man they always ask whats wrong with me.
man youre everything I crave.
youre the only thing I let in that would put me in the grave.
im a king youre my Coretta.
slave for the.
been a slave for ya.
im a muthafuckin slave for ya.
nikki Nikki slave for ya.
im a slave for ya Nikki.
im a muthafuckin slave for ya.
all handwriting on the albums artwork was done by Big.

black SpiderMan.
jesus Black Jesus.
jesus Black Jesus.

i been feeling so down.
i think they should know now.
i think they should know whats up.
thats that road I been down.
i know how it go down.
i know how it go now whats up.
i feel like I dont belong.
i feel like my life is wrong.
i feel like I dont know whats up.
whats up whats up.
yeah yeah.
ayy.

i aint here to pick and choose.
i aint here to sing the blues.
im just here to spread the clues.
im just here to spread the news.
everybody know I do.
listen.
i aint ashamed to be white.
i aint ashamed to be Black.
i aint ashamed of my beautiful Mexican wife as a matter of fact.
i know you fucking with that.
and Im not scared of the people who tell me I should be.
do what you love and dont ever wonder what it could be.
everybody from my hood everybody know Im good.
sometimes Im misunderstood.
but thats just the uneducated that never related and feel like Im fading off.
they feel like Im fading.
im right out my mind.
tell em.
momma dont love me.
daddy dont love me.
wonder why I drown in the bubbly.
you could be anything you wanna be.
cept the person you dont wanna be.
let him hate let em love.
wondering if everybody still like this up above.
when that push come to shove.
make me wanna pull up with the with the gat in the glove like.
i just wanna be free.
not a slave to the stereotype.
all alone in my room in the middle of the night.
i dont have the words but my stereo might.
i dont wanna be black I dont wanna be white I just wanna be a man today.
i dont wanna be a Christian Muslim gay straight or bi see you later bye.
not perceived by the things I believe or the color of my skin.
or the fact Im attracted to her maybe him.
or the fact Im a single mother living all alone.
looking for a man and a home to call my own.
but I already have one.
the only man Ima ever need is my son my son my son my son.
son say.
black is beautiful.
be black and proud.
fuck everybody hatin on me right now Im black and proud.
im just as white as that Mona Lisa.
im just as black as my cousin Keisha.
im biracial so bye Felicia.
praise Black Jesus now call the preacher.
maybe Jesus was black.
maybe Jesus had dreads.
spiderman should be black.
i vote for Glover instead.
glover instead.
like whats up.
i vote for more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more.
i vote for so much more.
i been feeling so down.
i think they should know now.
i think they should know whats up.
thats that road I been down.
i know how it go down.
i know how it go now whats up.
i feel like I dont belong.
i feel like my life is wrong.
i feel like I dont know whats up.
whats up whats up.
go on and let your soul glow.
let your soul glow.
glow.
shine and glow.
let it glow.
glow.
let let it.
black Spiderman can he save a brother now.
black Spiderman can he save a brother now.
yeah.
let your soul glow.
let your soul glow.
glow.
yeah.
ayy man.
whats up bro.
spiderman should be Black.
yeah I mean Spiderman should be Black.
fuck yeah.
yeah man.
black Spiderman.
black Superman.
black Santa Claus.
shit Black Seinfeld.
black Seinfeld.
nigga thats Martin.
damn youre right.
shit Im fuckin.

alright.
hold up.
let me get my mind let me get my mind right yeah.
let me get my mind let me get my mind right.
you know everything is alright.
you know everything is al.

just ride with a mothafucka.
keep it real never lie to a mothafucka hold me down.
chillin InAGaddaDaVida rockin Adidas.
with a señorita when she sippin liquor by the liter.
thats royalty like the homie Gambino.
he know we be in the casino lightin Cubans with a Cnote.
ima fuck the game dare you to test my libido.
comin up shorter than Danny DeVito.
whenever I step on the beat ho.
like a killer on the creep slow.
had my share of defeat but we still gon eat ho.
while the fans bumpin Welcome To Forever on repeat though uh.
wonderin if Ima ever fall off.
feelin mad at the world wanna hit it with a sawedoff.
blowin up like a Molotov.
this is war everybody aint no reason Ima call it off.
get it right shout out to the homie Dizzy Wright.
in the studio every day.
so you know this shit about to be a busy night.
everything is al everything is alright.
its Finally Famous over everything.
rattPack gang.
what up though Logic Yeah.
day one shit right there.

hold up.
let me get my mind let me get my mind right yeah.
let me get my mind let me get my mind right.
you know everything is al.

oh my God they plottin and schemin.
fuckboys rather me not even breathin.
they tryna take my blessings away.
they gotta be demons Im blessed every day.
and not blessed like Im sneezin Im healthy and well.
on top of my ship and Im not even sinkin.
and I could just sit back and say that Im happy.
but cant spend a day without smokin and drinkin.
got Champagne problems and I order more.
my wardrobe is Aura Gold.
im a young nigga with a older soul.
but still young enough to know I gotta know some more.
purell for these fake niggas tryna dapdap me up.
thats the type of shit I boycott.
yellin fuck the 50 state troops.
any nigga with a badge I dont even trust the boy scouts.
i got these good girls hoin out.
bein that nigga that these niggas dont know about.
then they throw you in the game.
and you mothafuckin blow it out.
now everything is alright.
hold up.
let me get my mind let me get my mind right yeah.
let me get my mind let me get my mind right.

whippin through Gotham.
hatin mothafuckas I wanna off em.
hella endorphins got me livin life to the coffin.
im coughin wonderin if Im goin insane.
nobody knowin my pain.
but I be killin cause Im into the game.
now lookin back its like aint nothin the same.
all these Spanish women watchin me like a novella.
hit you with a Beretta get you wetter than a umbrella.
aint nobody better do it like me.
i know a lot of mothafuckas dont like me prolly wanna fight me.
but I just keep the peace no need to keep a piece.
i keep my enemies on a leash capiche.
and keep it real for the people I.

fade Away.

uh aah yeah uh uh yeah yeah.
uh aah yeah uh uh yeah yeah.
uh aah yeah uh uh yeah yeah.
uh aah yeah uh uh yeah yeah.
uh aah yeah uh uh yeah yeah.
uh aah yeah uh uh yeah yeah.
uh aah yeah uh uh yeah yeah.
uh aah yeah uh uh yeah yeah.

they gon know my name until it fade away.

fade away fade away fade away fade away fade away.
they gon know my name until it fade.
uh they gon know my name until it fade away.

i been there I done that done that this rap shit I run that.
motherfucker this far from a comeback if one of us fall then we run back.
cant let that social worker just snatch up my kin gotta get my son back.
everybody gonna die gonna go one day maybe itll happen on a Monday.
driving to work and get hit by a Hyundai fuck it let it all go one day.
i know Ima get it like this living that life while they all reminisce.
never regretted the second I said it I feel like Im smarter I read it on Reddit.
youre fucking pathetic my etiquette murder ya predicate bitch Im ahead of it yeah.
yes Ima die but I dont wonder why in the hell Ima ride in the dead of it yeah.
i know know life on Earth is so unpredictable.
okaykay hold up let me say yes I fade away.
fade away fade away fade away fade away fade away.
they gon know my name until it fade a uh.
they gon know my name until it fade away.

tell me what I wouldnt wanna give for a life like this arm and a leg quite like this.
fuck around wanna fight like this take a hike like this.
i might just might just I dont know.
reinvention thats my intention.
want so much more than this thirddimension.
thats not to mention my true ascension is a bigger picture.
no metaphor Im being real with ya.
but it will hit ya like goddamn.
going HAM full of all of them.
in a spaceship Im in another system.
so futuristic on another mission.
but back on Earth everybody bitchin I been in the kitchen.
livin my lifeno inhibition life to death with no intermission.
now the good book said we all the same and we kill each other but its all in vain.
and we all to blame cant see the picture when its out the frame.
real talk I wanna grip the grain and just ride with ya build a family then die richer.
when ya get to heaven Ima come and get ya.
sit back and really get the picture.
this life yeah it done ate away hard times never stayed away.
but one thing I know day to day Ima do somethin fore I fade away.
fade away fade away fade away fade away fade away.
they gon know my name until it fade.
they gon know my name until it fade away.
fade away fade away fade away fade away fade away.
they gon know my name until it fade.
they gon know my name until it fade away.

tHOMAS Get the upgrade.
kAI Nah man Its the same shit with a different title.
tHALIA Thats not true Kai.
kAI What the fuck.
tHOMAS Yeah man They didnt just upgrade features they enhanced her AI.
kAI So she can actually hold a conversation.
tHOMAS Yeah Ask her yourself.
kAI Uh what am I thinking Thalia.
tHALIA Kai Im a program in the ships interface not a psychic.
kAI Damn girl.
tHOMAS Yeah thats another thing now Shes unisex.
kAI What.
tHOMAS Thalia integrate Y chromosome feature.
tHALIA Sure thing Thomas Would you like a standard accent or something a little more exotic.
kAI Holy shit.
tHOMAS Told you man The upgrades crazy Thalia revert last command and run simulation.
tHALIA Running simulation.
kAI Man what the hell is that.
tHOMAS Well you can pick anyone in history and based off a collection of data it allows you to personally speak with them.
kAI Anybody.
tHOMAS Anybody.
kAI Thalia do Big Sean.
tHOMAS All right let me get this straight You can speak with anyone in recorded history like Jesus Steve Jobs Einstein and you pick Big Sean.
kAI Man fuck yeah Thats my dog.
tHOMAS Laughs Okay Thalia simulate Big Sean.
tHALIA What up Kai you lil bitch.
kAI Yeah Ima have to upgrade my.

44 Bars.
if you deal with war backwards stay far.
were dealing with truths and rights.
come some more into my sight.

yeah in London talkin to rhêtorík bout my life and shit.
i thought the album was finished but I keep writing shit.
its kind of funny how life changed and rearranged.
no matter what happens everything aint gon be the same.
the incredible album what an incredible outcome.
i grip the mic and then talk to the people like Im Malcolm.
i used to think the fame and money was the motivation.
until I toured the world and met the people face to face and.
understood that the power was harnessed in that basement.
it aint about the money and notoriety.
its about the people and making a difference in society.
but dont get it twisted this life Im living is like a movie.
the Godfather the Goodfella wielding a Uzi.
one with the people if the people is wondering whos he.
same level the same rebel that never settled.
pullin strings like Geppetto who overcame the ghetto.
and I know you wrote me and I still aint answered.
cause shit is different now its forced upon me different stances.
i used to spend all my time conversing with you.
but now I write this song to let you know Im hurting with you.
shit is too big but lets be honest man its kinda bittersweet.
besides the shows and meet and greets yall only see me on the street.
and even then that shit is rareI just dont go outside.
cause honestly I dont fuck with this world Id rather hide.
that misconception Cause I rap I must be filled with pride.
shit I aint perfect if you heard different then someone lied.
people in my ear telling me Talk that shit.
actions speak louder than words Id rather walk that shit.
since the first album Im one of the highest earners on the label.
within six months I put the second one on they table.
i played sold out shows in parts of the world I cant pronounce.
release the tickets watch them disappear when we announce.
fuck all that murderous syllable shit right now just let me bounce.
the mood around me is people smokin it by the ounce.
leave Friday for the show and come back Monday with a hundred grand.
dont fuck with checks so when I bounce I prefer cash in hand.
you know my first week looking crazy due to high demand.
cause people dont buy music in this day and age they buy the brand.
theres ups and downs dont get me wrong but back when I aint have shit.
felt like I woulda sold my soul to make it with this rap shit.
thank God he never let Lucifer close enough to ask.
let me attain it by workin hard and busting my ass.
achieved a lot in life but whats a lot with more to gain.
at least I dont drink to avoid the hurt we call that champagne.
come some more into my.

5AM.
alright.
seen a lot of shit.

i seen a lot of shit I shouldnt have but never forgot it though.
brothers on the corner selling crack like it was nada though.
walk inside my kitchen baking soda all up on the floor.
police banging on the door while gripping a 44.
i was just a youngin but this type of shit I seen before.
yall see a white boy but my daddy a negro.
half breed motherfucker grip the mic and he flow.
i just wanna spread love they want me to bleed slow.
i just wanna keep the peace and help people.
give some of this money that Im making to the people.
so if you hatin on me goddamn you evil.
and just dont understand cause Im flyer than Knievel.
been through a lot of shit but I keep it on the DLo.
never bustin in em streets but I keep it G though.
i aint into fairy tales Im just me ho.
only thing I talk about is everything that we know.
i heard you got a fucking problem bitch I bet I beast.
aint no need to reach I dont need a piece.
i just kill em with kindness yeah we leave em deceased.
and tell it like it is so now you got it capiche Homie what up.
let me bring it back down.
back where I came from now.
we gon live it up til we bring it back down.
they think its a game right now.
but it aint the same right now know my name right now.
back where I came from now.
we gon live it up til we bring it back down.

i hope you live a long life hatin.
now watch every Grammy just to see who they nominating uh.
so successful they probably say I signed with Satan.
but I got God on my side always down to ride.
dont get it twisted I aint perfect in the least.
im still all up in your girl jeans like a crease.
matter fact like a geneticist.
these rappers records comin out they so repetitive.
shout out my homie Chance peace to Skizzy Mars.
rattPack homie Castro we dropping bars.
its all love man that shit is ours.
they never thought Id make it shooting for the stars.
yeah Im a born sinner but its a Cole world.
shout out my homies that know me cant forget my old girl.
but thats a touchy subject like a priest whoa.
i heard yall finally eating over there we got a feast though.
keep it RattPack til the beat go.
you might not get the flow now let it seep though.
fans know my lyrics deeper than the sea floor.
but we dumb it down so they spin it on the radio.
racism all up in em that shit is irrelevant.
my flow is colorblind rapping for the hell of it.
i dont give a fuck my mindstate celibate.
run quick tell a bitch rap getting me hella rich.
out the blue like Ella Fitz my flow is so elegant.
death before dishonor murderin rappers in front of they mamas.
i rep Artanis decipher the word cause its ebonics.
reverse the letters and it spells Sinatra yes I gotcha bitch its Logic.
let me bring it back down.
back where I came from now.
we gon live it up til we bring it back down.
they think its a game right now.
but it aint the same right now know my name right now.
back where I came from now.
we gon live it up til we bring it back down.

mmmn Im thinking.


keanu Reeves.
yeah.

im the one bitch I am the one like Keanu Reeves.
get it done yeah I get it done no blood on the leaves.
they cant leave us hangin no no not no more best believe.
yeah that shit is banging Bobby killed it with no time to grieve.
im the one bitch I am the one like Keanu Reeves.
get it done yeah I get it done no blood on the leaves.
they cant leave us hangin no no not no more best believe.
yeah that shit is banging Bobby killed it with no time to grieve ayy.

at the Garden sitting courtside look around like Oh my God.
i just sold this motherfucker out I aint even try.
i aint one to floss but I got plaques run it back.
once I touch down I go deep like a running back.
just jumped on the private jet and rolled a joint.
played the beat then wrote that joint.
wrote a whole movie then I sold that joint.
fuck Illuminati that boy 6ix got my back.
6ix made this beat 6ix bring the heat you got on repeat.
word on the street.
cant no one compete Im spectacular.
that boy got the sauce on the RAGÚlar.
i dont play no games less we talkin Fortnite.
finally knew I made it sittin at the red light.
when them soccer moms pull up in they van while I ride.
like Oh my God children its the 1800 guy.
but my doors suicide yeah Im too alive.
bitch I have arrived everybody know Im one hell of a guy.
i aint tryna fuck your girl Im tryna fuck your mama.
fuck the drama bank account got a extra comma.
yeah they sweat me like the sauna.
red carpet in my own merch like that shit is designer.
did you know Im mixed like Obama.
it aint a project if Logic aint talkin bout being biracial.
bicoastal Im platinum go postal Im snappin.
yeah you know Bobby but prolly only know my new shit.
that trap shit that cool shit but they all know that fool spit.
im the one bitch I am the one like Keanu Reeves.
get it done yeah I get it done no blood on the leaves.
they cant leave us hangin no no not no more best believe.
yeah that shit is banging Bobby killed it with no time to grieve.
im the one bitch I am the one like Keanu Reeves.
get it done yeah I get it done no blood on the leaves.
they cant leave us hangin no no not no more best believe.
yeah that shit is banging Bobby killed it with no time to grieve ayy.

yeah you know you made it when they make a meme for ya.
haters that never made it Im livin the dream for ya.
roll up grab the kush and then roll up.
hold up better give me what I want when I show up.
you know what I do not who coming through.
how bout you.
fuck you fuck you fuck you youre cool.
i dont fuck with nobody like mean girls in high school.
i dont give a damn that Im famous.
why it seem like every single celebrity shameless its dangerous.
got 50 million but my swag on food stamps.
all these models poppin bottles bitch I aint tryna dance.
she said No I dont wanna pay my bills.
i need a hard workin woman with respect who will.
this for everybody who aint made it yet.
got five degrees and six figures in debt.
follow your dreams ho follow your follow your uh.
somebody calling your uh its destiny.
hold up with the turn up for a second man whos testing me.
i got so much power dont know why the heavens blessing me.
pLP I think that is the recipe.
so Ima take a moment use my power for good.
fuck the bullshit do what you love and get out the hood.
im the one bitch I am the one like Keanu Reeves.
get it done yeah I get it done no blood on the leaves.
they cant leave us hangin no no not no more best believe.
yeah that shit is banging Bobby killed it with no time to grieve.
im the one bitch I am the one like Keanu Reeves.
get it done yeah I get it done no blood on the leaves.
they cant leave us hangin no no not no more best believe.
yeah that shit is banging Bobby killed it with no time to grieve.

flexicution.
yeah.
im like Oh God oh oh my God.
bitch I run the game yall just commentate from the side.
im like Oh God oh oh my God.
everything I do you know I do it for the squad.
im like Oh God oh oh my God.
bitch I run the game yall just commentate from the side.
im like Oh God oh oh my God.
everything I do you know I do it for the squad.
im like.

thisthisthisthisthis the type of shit they said they really wanted.
so I gave them this right here now go get blunted.
check my last album all yall know I run it.
flipped the script just cause I could and fucking stunted.
thisthisthisthisthis the type of shit my life is all about.
check the Forbes list you know Im ballin out.
they say Logic you too humble boy just let it out.
fuck em all then Ima dead it now.
like oh I think I know I think I know.
this flow this super flow out of control.
like whoa this shit like whoa I think I know.
like whoa like like whoa like like like.
this that flexicution.
this is what the people say they wanted from the young boy.
from thefrom thefrom the god.
this that flexicution.
this is what the people say they wanted from the rap god.
from thefrom thefrom the god.

im like Oh God oh oh my God.
bitch I run the game yall just commentate from the side.
im like Oh God oh oh my God.
everything I do you know I do it for the squad.
im like Oh God oh oh my God.
bitch I run the game yall just commentate from the side.
im like Oh God oh oh my God.
everything I do you know I do it for the squad.
im like.

hold on let me bring it back.
everybody know Im bringing the facts.
and they wonder why I got it like that.
cause I put everything right on the track.
and you know Ima fuck around and let it go.
i been living like woah I been living you already know.
and these motherfuckers wanna take up on every mistake.
and Im showing where Im going.
and Im knowing what Im doing intuition never switching.
on a mission motherfucker why is you bitching Why is you bitching.
hold up wait a minute they aint ready for the hook.
its another day another book.
i feel like Indiana in Atlanta hotter than Havana.
coming with the stamina.
bitch put down your camera and live in the moment.
this shit right here everybody gon want it so what up wit it.
any and everybody talk about the boy changing.
yall can just shut up wit it cause I know.
aint none of yall getting the flow boy.
this that flexicution.
this is what the people say they wanted from the young boy.
from thefrom thefrom the god.
this that flexicution.
this is what the people say they wanted from the rap god.
from thefrom thefrom the god.

im like Oh God oh oh my God.
bitch I run the game yall just commentate from the side.
im like Oh God oh oh my God.
everything I do you know I do it for the squad.
yeah Im like Oh God oh oh my God.
bitch I run the game yall just commentate from the side.
im like Oh God oh oh my God.
everything I do you know I do it.

i know I know I know I know I know I know.
i know I know I know I know I know.
that Ive been MIA but I was tied up.
till I heard you talking shit now Im fired up.
50 triple.

ballin.
okay.
its RattPack til my pulse flat we keep it real no false rap.
i got four cards and they all black got four broads and they all that.
we call that ballin doin this is my callin.
flow is so appallin my phone off and she callin Im like Yeah.
what it do Penthouse man what a view.
fall back cause Im coming through with my whole team they coming too.
thats real too real motherfucker tell me how you feel.
im too good for my own good I wont leak the album Ill let it spill.
number one bitch I bet it will do the numbers I said it will.
i played the game and Im still the same and I never changed just to get a deal.

bitch Im ballin.
ballin I came from nuttin to somethin.
like its nuttin yeah you know I done it now theres no discussion.
bitch Im ballin ballin I made a promise to my mama.
ima turn these zeros into tens and commas.
bitch Im ballin ballin closin million dollar deals.
catch me swervin burning hundred dollar bills how it feel.
when you ballin ballin goin places they never go.
it aint all about the money but I stack it cause you never know.

ima live life til I overdose while they sleepin on me thats comatose.
i went mainstream with my main team you just mad as fuck you aint come close.
and your next girl is my exgirl she fine as hell but she a mess girl.
all I do is rhyme I got no time so I cant reply to your text girl.
bitch Im back again and I run it always gotta keep it onehunnid.
all of yall know yall want it turn it up and get blunted.
im like Fuck the money fuck the fame I came here to fuck up the game.
gon get it Im feelin myself fresh to death bitch Im killin myself Im gone.
we burnin it up step in the building we turnin it up.
talkin that shit but they never admit when I step to the mic I be murderin it.
and we livin real good mainstream but its still good.
i got raw shit I got real shit but right now its time for that feel good.
we call that ballin doin this is my callin.
flow is so appallin my phone off and she callin Im like Yeah.
what it do Penthouse man what a view.
fall back cause Im coming through with my whole team they coming too thats.
ballin ballin.
i came from nuttin to somethin.
like its nuttin yeah you know I done it now theres no discussion.
bitch Im ballin ballin I made a promise to my mama.
ima turn these zeros into tens and commas.
bitch Im ballin ballin closin million dollar deals.
catch me swervin burning hundred dollar bills how it feel.
when you ballin ballin goin places they never go.
it aint all about the money but I stack it cause you never know.

yeah.
you know that we ballin we been goin allin.
hold on let me slow it down so yall get the shit.
these haters talk but I dont give a shit.
got models bottles and the piff is lit.
but we ballin kinda like Spalding and Rawlings.
on the road to riches never stallin.
got your girl all up all on my nuts boy.
she do it with joy no almonds ugh.
living life to perfection VIP thats the section.
presidential watch presidential suites.
you would think we held an election.
it go Logic first then Im up next.
i do not converse I just cut checks.
i do not rehearse I just drop the verse.
i need to cop a hearse cause Im fresh to death.
i bet you never seen so much designer.
never seen a nigga with a bitch thats finer.
boy I stunt when I aint even tryna.
swaggin is nice but first Ima rhymer.
and I rep Maryland home of the Terrapins.
say you spit crack homie we spit that heroin.
bring it right to your front door like Im carolin.
standing next to me would be so embarrassin yeah we be.
ballin ballin.
i came from nuttin to somethin.
like its nuttin yeah you know I done it now theres no discussion.
bitch Im ballin ballin I made a promise to my mama.
ima turn these zeros into tens and commas.
bitch Im ballin ballin closin million dollar deals.
catch me swervin burning hundred dollar bills how it feel.
when you ballin ballin goin places they never go.
it aint all about the money but I stack it cause you never.

soul Food.
goddamn goddamn conversations with legends.
crazy how one day yo idols can turn into your brethren.
bitches we severin hit up my jeweler watch him freeze us.
breaking bread like Im Jesus money aint everything but somehow eases.
better believe than think down and leave us.
the baby cryin.
crack cookin where my sister be fryin soul food.
plus my other sister just went back to her old dude.
he whoopin her assIll kill him Ill kill him.
ill motherfuckin kill him I said I really want to kill himbut I cant.
cause if I do popo gon claim Im the villain but I aint.
see my vision from pictures I paint.
do you feel it like I feel it I grip the mic and then kill itokay Im gone.
as memories resurface from hella long in my past.
chillin sippin Sinatra from a flask.
little Bobby just a youngin skating was my hobby.
tryna stay out of trouble my homie in jail for robbery.
welfare food stamps and stealing from the sto.
come home and see an eviction notice taped to my do.
cant take no mo mama on drugs daddy MIA.
what can I say I just wanted to be a kid and play.
to this day I pay homage to the gods to the greats.
never stolen Im from Maryland.
where they shoot you in the dark of the night.
like Christopher Nolan for talking outta your colon.
catch me rollin with the realest.
lyricism the illest my chain is the chillest Sub Zero.
far from a hero bitch Im De Niro in Goodfellas.
if your bitch around me best bring an umbrella.
let me tap into my inner southern killer none other illa.
murder the game and then resurrect it like Thriller.
yeah my skin is vanilla but bitch I dare ya to test my killa.
we dont do it for the skrilla we do it for love.
word to my homies up above we slingin like drugs.
yeah.
hiphop.

i swear this music in my genes like Denim.
lyricism seep in em like venom.
yes I know the flow hotter than Lucifer even though heaven sent him uh.
see my vision as Ive elevated and risen.
open your eyes despise lies told with deadly precision.
i finally made my way up out that section 8 division.
not by busting and killing though Ive had my share of stealin.
but by putting pen to this pad and dispersin these feelings.
while the label only care about making a killin.
feel my energyI aint talking ENERGY I mean inner G.
thats the shit they never see.
but I own supremacy number oneI better be.
bitch I said I bet I be.
take my kindness for weakness trying to get the better of me.
tell me how is they gon remember me.
as the artist that concocted the perfect recipe.
or will they be addressing me talking less of me.
just cause I was different.
just cause I was doing what I love.
and the fans say they love you but they push and they shove.
cause they want what they want how they want when they want it.
i just gave them twenty songs now they want another hunnid.
i just see it as a challenge I could do it bitch I run it.
worldwide tours type of shit I always wanted.
while the rest of em just worry bout bitches and gettin blunted.
still that same motherfucker from that YS1.
only difference Im stronger and better from when I begun.
so when people that never knew me they tell me that I changed.
and do my best to refrain.
from having conversations with people that aint in my lane.
give the world everything I have to give.
this is feelings on the page know my wisdom not my age.
understand that Im a man not defined by his wage.
even though its in the millions that shit dont define my brilliance.
open your mind and maybe you can see the billions.
of people that separated but all equal.
to know the ending one must understand the prequel uh.
i swear this music in my genes like Denim.
lyricism seep in em like venom.
yes I know the flow hotter than Lucifer even though heaven sent him.
spit it like Holy water prophetically repent em.
then we.

all I Do.
ayo shout out to Black Diamond.
i got them Nikes on my feet as we speak homie.
yeah.
shout out to Mac Miller.

all I do is rhyme all I do is get this money.
all I do is grind play shows and chill with honeys.
all I do is shine tour the world aint it funny.
all I do is rhyme all I do is get this money.
all I do is grind play shows and chill with honeys.
all I do is shine tour the world aint it funny.
im one of a kind.

ugh yeah.
my name is Logic if you dont know by now Im always on my grind.
and at this moment in time Im on a road when I write this rhyme.
sitting behind Raheem Devaughn while hes passed out.
bout to hit the station fore our gas is out.
look outside the window I see shorties with they asses out oh my.
good god you know we fly.
day dreaming out the window watch how buildings pass me by.
see I aint signed but at this point in time.
im feeling like the 368th.
wonder of the world just might steal your girl.
all I do is rhyme and get money thats my repertoire.
holla at honeys Voulezvous coucher avec moi ce soir.
baby whats the deal have you ever heard of some shit so real.
its going down.
feeling like a millionaire.
riding with the top down.
while the rest of the world just stare.

all I do is rhyme all I do is get this money.
all I do is grind play shows and chill with honeys.
all I do is shine tour the world aint it funny.
im one of a kind.
alalalall I do is rhyme all I do is get this money.
all I do is grind play shows and chill with honeys.
all I do is shine tour the world aint it funny.
im one of a kind.

yeah.
this is the joint that when you hear it you like Thats my shit.
maybe at a house party while you getting lit.
or while you cruising round town riding in a whip.
one things for sure you better get all of your friends here.
got a booty know how to use it homie yes I rocks her.
the second I jump on a stage Im rocking it aint nobody stoppin it.
whoever goes on after me Im sorry you aint topping it.
its going down.
feeling like a millionaire.
riding with the top down.
while the rest of the world just stare.

all I do is rhyme all I do is get this money.
all I do is grind play shows and chill with honeys.
all I do is shine tour the world aint it funny.
im one of a kind.
alalalall I do is rhyme all I do is get this money.
all I do is grind play shows and chill with honeys.
all I do is shine tour the world aint it funny.
im one of a kind.

ever since I was a youngin I knew Id break in the game.
while you worshiped other rappers that leave you less entertained.
i was strategizing before the people knew my name.
fame what I shall attain on the road to success.
bumping Jay in the HOV lane.
searching for wisdom in women but only getting brain.
yo quiero dormir contigo mi amorcito.
i know we fight but thats poquito.
unless you do me foul like a free throw then we finito.
all I do is rhyme all I do is get this money.
all I do is grind play shows and chill with honeys.
all I do is shine tour the world aint it funny.
im one of a kind.
alalalall I do is rhyme all I do is get this money.
all I do is grind play shows and chill with honeys.
all I do is shine tour the world aint it funny.
im one of a.

confessions of a Dangerous Mind.
yeah.

i cant get no better cant get no more cheddar.
i feel like a king and my queen is Coretta.
i been made a livin Im never gon give in.
im just way too driven thats why I been thinkin.
im scared that Im sinkin Im scared that Im fallin.
the world think Im ballin and maybe I am.
but dont give a damn back in the beginnin.
did not have a plan dont know who I am.
or who Im becomin but Ima do me to the fullest alright.
bustin and dodgin them bullets all night.
take over the world yeah Im thinkin I might.
got em all in my sight.
i know that Im strong I know that I am.
i know Im the man.
and whether you poor or you filled with financial security.
everyone deal with they own insecurity.
even the preacher was born with impurity.
scared to go out even with my security.
scared of the world and all of its obscurity.
pray for maturity hope that I grow.
hope my anxiety stay on the low.
i swear I hope that shit dont fuck up my flow.
where do I go What would you do.
if suddenly all of your dreams came true.
what would you do if you did it all.
if you aint never have to lift a finger.
would you linger like Fuck em all.
guess thats your call but I cant.
this a marathon not a sprint.
switch up the plan like homie that went from Verizon to Sprint.
can you hear me now Does anybody out there feel me now.
whats your name Whats your game.
come now boy just spit your flow.
feel the pain with the gain what you tryna say though.
novocaine to the brain I cant feel nothing no mo.
in my lane cant refrain from lettin these people know.
whats your name Whats your game.
come now boy just spit your flow.
feel the pain with the gain what you tryna say though.
novocaine to the brain I cant feel nothing no mo.
in my lane cant refrain from lettin these people know.

down roll it up yeah.

searchin for bliss only led me to searchin for hits.
only led me to battle depression.
i done learned my lesson cause fame never lessen the pain.
what if your life was under a glass.
and people tried to dig up shit from your past.
and tell you whats good and whats not.
and every time you drop a song they say that its wack or its hot.
and dont give a damn that it came from the heart.
they tear it apart like hyenas this here for the dreamers.
this here for the people that know what Im sayin.
all of the people that know what Im sayin.
fuck social media.
tellin me who I should be and just how I should rap.
they always compare they always compare me to others.
and try to hit me up against all my brothers.
now why you think so many rappers be overdosin at the crib.
cause people just wont let em live.
and the public is constantly thinkin they know em.
but nobody knowin whats goin on inside.
and they wonder why we all hide shit.
maybe Im just overthinkin.
or maybe Im just oversmokin and drinkin.
and when I cant deal with the hate I selfmedicate.
sit in the corner and think of a better day.
maybe this bullet can help me to get away.
i just cannot seem to think of a better way.
even though I know there is thats why I keep goin.
thats why I keep flowin thats why I keep perserverin.
even when Im hearin Im a bitch Im a fag.
im a motherfuckin hypebeast I aint black in the slight least.
cause youll never be Kenny.
youll never be better than Drizzy or Cole.
youre losing your hair youre too fucking old yeah.
these are the comments Im readin on Twitter right now.
that make me depressed and they pullin me down.
im tryin to swim but I think Ima drown.
so Ima turn that feelin into a sound.
and play it when nobody else is around.
whenever I feel like Im far from the ground.
god give me the power to battle depression.
yeah round after round.
i wish I was famous I wish I was rich.
i wish I could just get up out of this bitch.
but be careful what you wish for.
cause it aint everything that its cut out to be.
my life is good but not as good as its bout to be.
cause I got vision dont fuck with division.
aint God but Im rich and I think that I am.
do what you love and do not give a damn.
fuck all the haters you see on the Gram.
just mind your own business and be a good man.
be a good boss and be a good friend.
spread your imagination to the millions.
dont worry bout how to maintain all your millions.
just spread that positivity for the children.
and all the haters thats hatin just love em.
cause thats the only way you ever gon kill em.
know somebody feel em.
last but not least put your ego on the shelf.
and remember love yourself.
nah nah nah.
put your ego on the shelf and love yourself.
nah nah nah.
put your ego on the shelf.
and remember love yourmember love yourself.
nah nah nah.
put your ego on the shelf and love yourself.
nah nah.

africAryaN.
i feel the Aryan in my blood its scarier than a Blood.
been looking for holy water now Im praying for a flood.
it feel like time passing me by slower than a slug.
while this feeling inside of my body seep in like a drug.
will you hug me rub me on the back like a child.
tell me you love me need me.
promise me youll never leave me.
even though my daddy you know he blacker than the street.
with a fist to match more solid than concrete.
tell white people Im black feel the need to retreat.
like I should be ashamed of my granddaddy Malik.
but my beautiful black brothers and sisters.
want to act like Im adopted.
go back in time to when my nigga daddy.
impregnated my cracker momma and stopped it.


somebody pinch me.
black man screaming trying to convince me Im not black.
so why the white man wanna lynch me.
damn my skin fair but lifes not.
and Id be lying if I said I didnt care what whites thought.
or black people said shit.
maybe its in my head.
like a single mother praying InAGaddaDaVida.
looking around on the ground for a serpent to feed her.
praying to God wondering why her baby daddy beat her.
feeling like the devil finna come and defeat her.
all alone in the wintertime close to the heater.
wondering whats gonna happen.
and how the world gonna treat her.
how could her momma mislead her.
and her daddy just leave her.
like abracadabra when that magician pull on the lever.
oh my.
oh my my my my my.
ohhh.
oh my my my my my.
oh my.
i dont feel right deep inside.
feeling like I need to hide.
everybody wonder why I get high.
cause I cant fight the feeling inside.
oh my my my.
oh my I said oh my yeah.

feeling innocent in a sense has got me feeling on the fence.
and all this shit is so intense.
dont wanna go to this event.
just wanna stay home and invent.
and somehow yeah that let me vent.
im taking shots and drinking liquor.
but that shit dont make a dent in how Im feeling.
and yes Im willing to keep chilling on this shit.
i know theres someone out there far away.
whos feeling all this shit.
and yes I know that when Im low.
theres so much further I can go.
and so I look up to the sky.
oh my oh my.

i feel the Aryan in my blood its scarier than a Blood.
been looking for holy water now Im praying for a flood.
it feel like time passing me by slower than a slug.
while this feeling inside of my body seep in like a drug.
will you hug me rub me on the back like a child.
tell me you love me need me.
promise me youll never leave me.
even though my daddy you know he blacker than the street.
with a fist to match more solid than concrete.
tell white people Im black feel the need to retreat.
like I should be ashamed of my granddaddy Malik.
but my beautiful black brothers and sisters.
want to act like Im adopted.
go back in time to when my nigga daddy.
impregnated my cracker momma and stopped it.
single mother praying InAGaddaDaVida.
looking around on the ground for a serpent to feed her.
praying to God wondering why her baby daddy beat her.
feeling like the devil finna come and defeat her.
single mother praying InAGaddaDaVida.
looking around on the ground for a serpent to feed her.
praying to God wondering why her baby daddy beat her.
feeling like the devil finna come and defeat her.
single mother praying InAGaddaDaVida.
looking around on the ground for a serpent to feed her.
praying to God wondering why her baby daddy beat her.
feeling like the devil finna come and defeat her.
all alone in the wintertime close to the heater.
wondering whats gonna happen.
and how the world gonna treat her.
how could her momma mislead her.
and her daddy just leave her.
like abracadabra when that magician pull on the lever.
oh my.
oh my my my my my.
ohhh.
oh my my my my my.
oh my.
i dont feel right deep inside.
feeling like I need to hide.
everybody wonder why I get high.
cause I cant fight the feeling inside.
oh my my my.
oh my I said oh my.

sometimes I cant get you out of my mind.
baby no I just cant find I just cant find.
such a beautiful state of mind.
beautiful state of mind such a beautiful state of mind.
beautiful state of mind.
sometimes everyday right on time.
but right now in my mind.
it feels like Im living on borrowed time.

i feel the Aryan in my blood its scarier than a Blood.
been looking for holy water now Im praying for a flood.
it feel like time passing me by slower than a slug.
while this feeling inside of my body seep in like a.
will you hug me rub me on the back like a child.
tell me you love me need me.
promise me youll never leave me.
even though my daddy you know he blacker than the street.
with a fist to match more solid than con.
tell white people Im black feel the need to retreat.
like I should be ashamed of my granddaddy Malik.
but my beautiful black brothers and sisters.
want to act like Im adopted.
go back in time to when my nigga daddy.
impregnated my cracker momma and stopped it.
my oh my oh my.
feeling innocent oh my.
feeling innocent in a sense has got me feeling on the fence.
and all this shit is so intense.
dont wanna go to this event.
just wanna stay home and invent.
and somehow yeah that let me vent.
im taking shots and drinking liquor.
but that shit dont make a dent in how Im feeling.
and yes Im willing to keep chilling on this shit.
i know theres someone out there far away.
whos feeling all this shit.
and yes I know that when Im low.
theres so much further I can go.
and so I look up to the sky to the sky.
like a single mother praying InAGaddaDaVida.
looking around on the ground for a serpent to feed her.
praying to God wondering why her baby daddy beat her.
feeling like the devil finna come and defeat her.
all alone in the wintertime close to the heater.
wondering whats gonna happen.
and how the world gonna treat her.
how could her momma mislead her.
and her daddy just leave her.
like abracadabra when that magician pull on the lever.
how could her momma mislead her.
and her daddy just leave her.
like abracadabra when that magician pull on the lever.
how could her momma mislead her.
and her daddy just leave her.
like abracadabra when that magician pull on the lever.
how could her momma mislead her.
and her daddy just leave her.
like abracadabra when that magician pull on the lever.
how could her momma mislead her.
and her daddy just leave her.
like abracadabra when that magician pull on the lever.
oh my.

atom So what now What advice can you give me.
god What advice can I give humanity.
atom I suppose so.
god Live your life Dont waste your days on the negative energy of others Remember that youre not your salary Youre not your house Youre not your car And no matter how big your bank account is your grave is six feet under just like everyone elses So enjoy the days you have Worry not about the days that came before you Nor the ones that will follow you in death Remember that right here in this moment is all you are guaranteed and the fact that you are living is what life is all about So live your life to the fullest according to your happiness and the betterment of all.
kai Damn man weve been walking forever.
thomas Well Thalias tracking system says well be there in just over an hour.
kai Shit at least we got good walking music or is that it.
thomas Oh no man Im cueing up the fourth album now his final one.
one two three four.
one two three four listen.
look into my eyes.
tell me you could see beyond the smile that Im puttin on.
this front that Im puttin up for you.
i spill my soul into a microphone.
with poems written in blood.
in hopes that its enough for you.
do you love me yet.
do you love me yet.
no Okay.
ill go harder for you.
in fact I rap till I collapse.
all I wanted was acceptance my latest lesson.
ill never feel your approval till I accept my own.
come from a messed up home destitute and less informed.
about the ways to raise a child up.
to not become a product.
of his environment I need to cry and vent.
but I done built this wall up.
actin like everythings all good.
but in reality Im lookin for something.
through bumpin my favorite rappers I came up after.
nas Cole and Hov.
eyes closed I zone till five or so in the morn.
im used to being alone.
shit you know how long Ive been out on my own.
chasing dreams fantasies of a throne.
one day I wake up and see that it didnt exist all along.
till then I will pen verses that fans consider brilliant.
boosting my ego with every million that spills in.
and still then.
i wont find solace so wheres the logic in that.
worrying bout if they think Logic can rap.
when it all just goes back to a childhood need to be loved.
by parents that was in too deep with the drugs.
nigga my advice fuck the black and white shit.
be who you are identify as a star.
no one tells you youre that.
its something that you just know.
the world be stealing your glow.
your mama did what she could.
her life was miles from good.
your father fell in the trap.
they set for you when you black.
they met when they was low.
and therefore you a product of that.
and so your trauma is deep.
dont bury it you should weep.
and clean it out of your system then truly forgive em.
just my opinion only then can you find peace.
just start to notice happiness dont come from album release.
ive been through it before.
can only share with you what I know.
to be true but at the same time Ill never be you.
and youll never be me no matter how hard that you try.
this is for youngins out there wondering how far you can fly.
the truth is that you could go further than the stars and the sky.
but if you want to then you ought to know why.
are you running from something.
with hopes of becoming someone.
thats finally worthy of love.
let me tell you now youre worthy enough.
fuck approval from strangers that shit is dangerous as hell.
find God learn to accept yourself.
and Im gone.

young Jesus.
yeah yeah what up Bobby.
like goddamn like goddamn.
this that 95 shit right here.
take em back to the 90s.
like goddamn like goddamn.
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo.

okay now take a trip inside my mind like you was off to Venice.
its me and BIG LNBO cookin like chemists.
take em back to way back when like Dennis the Menace.
causin mayhem on the come up like a young apprentice.
smokin weed and gettin higher than a flight attendant.
hiphop descendant gold Jesus on my pendant.
got to pull it out for everyone thats in attendance.
okay back in the day as a College Park tenant.
still cant believe I didnt get a shorty pregnant.
man thats the definition of a life sentence.
a whole lot of beef no bread no lettuce.
cause I couldnt keep it in my briefs man thats pathetic.
fuck all that back and forth this aint a game of tennis.
ill be in my mothafuckin chamber like the senate.
scared to go outside but I know I cant prevent it.
see Im a selfdiagnosed hypochondriac.
either at the crib or on the tour bus is where youll find me at.
yeah I know that Im livin like I got it okay yeah.
but I swear that Im not that neurotic over here yeah.
over here over here.
over here over here.
over here over here.
over here over here.

ayo fuck all that its the fat young Jesus flow prestigious.
stackin money and playin the field man like Regis.
better believe us or leave us.
grabbin your bitchs cleavage like woohah.
i went from surveyin to Super Saiyan slayin the man.
bitches want an autograph.
i sign them titties in crayon like goddamn.
its me and BIG LNBO cookin like chemists.
its me and BI BI BIG LNBO LNBO.
posted in the club in baggy jeans and a beanie.
sippin on a martini takin my pick at bitches like eenie meenie.
im unscannable young cannibal eat wack MCs like Hannibal.
cause Joe Pescis my spirit animal.

over here over here.
over here over here.
over here over here.
over here over here.
okay the flow delicious bounty huntin like Sid Vicious.
the young Spiegel interstellar with my retrieval.
furthest from evil I throw this shit back like medieval.
i spit at it like a Beretta.
you know I get better by givin the people.
not a fuck given check the method thats how we livin.
always been driven out of sight and yet never hidden.
the Return of the Jedi.
bitch I bet I do the show and catch a red eye.
ho I said I leave em dead I know I do.
the BIG LENBO on the way to Rio.
ay dios mio lookin for a Latin Leo.
to hold a brother down like the white man.
fuck that nigga.
ayo enoughs enough man of my word I never bluff.
even in a pair of cuffs know we always keep it real.
like goddamn dont even step like I aint the man.
i gotta conceal it like a murder weapon.
i kept in the glove Ratt Pack you know its all love.
we the realest so fuck you if you aint feel this.
throw a Molotov in your crib.
and tell them bitches to bill us we the illest.
finger fuck a critic.
shit is darker than The Chronicles of Riddick.
yes I did it while they bit it you know we got it.
smack you with the palm save the back for your mom.
sound the alarm you know we got it goin.

bounce.
livin good Ive been livin good.

out the blue like a Crip.
but I never bang no they know.
weve been at it way before the fame ho.
weve been at it way before the fame ho.
weve been at it way before the fame psych.

ive been focused on this music cant fuck with no basic bitch.
seems like all this new shit really just leftover residue.
im coming through if I see your bitch I bet she coming too.
what it do we aint never switch it up we keep it true.
out the blue like a Crip.
but I never bang though.
they know weve been at it way before the fame ho.
way before the fame ho.

way before the fame at it way before the fame.
weve been at it way before the fame.
weve been at it way before way before the fame.

back again like I never left.
cause Nikki been fucking with me hardcore.
bitch bounce.
homie smoke a ounce.
bumping everything from Project Pat to Dilla.
its truly disgusting the amount of money that we gross.
coast to coast nationwide tour then we hit the world.
rub a dub if your bitch bad we might hit your girl.
rattPack know the deal.
whats the motto Keep it real.
we live in an era where they get deleted.
im wondering if Ima make it.
man fuck it Ill take it that record Ill break it.
these bitches they love it but I never covet.
i just keep it going thats why I be flowin.
im already knowing this life that Im livin.
dont know what Im given.
its so hard not to give in.
out the blue like a Crip.
but I never bang though.
wawa waway before the fame ho.

way before the fame at it way before the fame.
weve been at it way before the fame.
weve been at it way before way before the fame.
locations where the album was recorded include No IDs studio in Los Angeles Logics house in the hills and various hotels across the country throughout the duration of the.

buried Alive.
i feel like the grass is green.
and everything I do is unseen.
but I know thats just in my mind.
i know everything is just in my mind.
do you really wanna be famous.
do you really wanna be a superstar.
do you really wanna get dangerous.
do you even know where the groupies are.
bitches out here be shameless.
and I really wonder where they parents are.
look around everything changes.
it feels like I been buried alive.
i.
i.
i.
iI buried alive.
i.
i.
i.
iI.

everything happens for a reason.
happens for a reason.
people only in your life for seasons.
uh death and taxes thats all we given.
you can make a life but cant make a livin.
you could make it work but that still aint driven.
give a lot but that still aint givin.
livin life like this aint real though.
every night like this I feel so.
dead wrong collision is.
headon my vision is.
dead and gone perception of.
right and wrong I been here so.
very long right here in this.
very song uh.
look around everything changes.
seem like everybody just strangers.
dont go outside cause its dangerous.
why everybody wanna be famous.
im so OCD if they notice me.
i might jump out the grave so they know its me.
man everybody want this shit for free.
hand out palm up when they get to me.
in my mind no I never let it get to me.
everybody got a turn will it get to me.
vs up motherfucker thats victory.
tell me why what Im doin aint shit to me damn.
i gotta know.
i feel like the grass is green.
and everything I do is unseen.
but I know thats just in my mind.
i know everything is just in my mind.
do you really wanna be famous.
do you really wanna be a superstar.
do you really wanna get dangerous.
do you even know where the groupies are.
bitches out here be shameless.
and I really wonder where they parents are.
look around everything changes.
it feels like I been buried alive.
mind every time that Im willin I feel like Im.
killin my dreams when that voice go.
nah nah nah listen up now.
love it or hate it never debate it you can never degrade it.
while all these other motherfuckers probly thinkin I made it.
my mind jaded noI never evade it.
i elevate it just to keep it innovative innovator.
god damn bring it back now blowin up like.
iraq now RattPack put me on the map now.
no we never back down just take my.
time I just take my time.
i know Ima get it like this.
so everyone know that I did it like this yeah.
i knowIma take my time.
battle the image inside of my mind.
i know Ima keep goin.
tell me I cant but Im already knowin.
i know Im gonna rise.
even though I been.

i gotta know.
i feel like the grass is green.
and everything I do is unseen.
but I know thats just in my mind.
i know everything is just in my mind.

outKast.
a Tribe Called Quest.
the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
and films by.
quentin Tarantino.
were in rotation constantly.
throughout the duration.
of this albums creation.

100 Miles and Running.
woo woo yeah.
alright here we go.
yeah yeah yeah.

money on my mind so Im too paid.
real all the time never KoolAid sippin on Dusse sike.
came a long way from Gburg.
puttin in work like Ferg.
new York to LA Hawaii and Japan.
im the motherfuckin man least Im feelin like I am.
got the whole wide world in the palm of my hand.
but dont give a goddamn Im SamIAm.
what that even mean I dont know what you talkin bout.
why nowadays everybody got a palm out.
pLP yeah that be me and that be what I rhyme bout.
i have arrived all you rappers are in timeout.
i know you been waitin for this world to collide.
b O double B Y H A L L and Folarin.
bout to take it back like Doc and Marty inside the DeLorean.
i am no historian but here to make my predecessors proud.
all you bitch niggas not allowed.
i put it on everything I really want a cop out.
but I did good for a dropout.
hop out the coupe chicken heads go crazy.
gotta sound swag when the flow get lazy.
what up What good Where you at What you been on.
anybody steppin to me promise they get shit on.
better hop up on the train fore you miss the chance to.
hop up on thehop up on the train fore you miss the chance to get on.
mixtape Bobby thats the type of shit I spit on.
woo.
and its on now.
get in the zone now.
i said its on now.
ohh get in the zone now.
ohh no no no.

everybody alive everybody alive.
everybody thats listening to this feelin alive.
come on now feel the vibe come on now feel the vibe.
come on now come on now come on now you gotta survive.
everybody alive everybody alive.
everybody thats listening to this feelin alive.
come on now feel the vibe come on now feel the vibe.
come on now come on now come on now you gotta survive.
i said you gotta survive gotta survive.
gotta survive I said you gotta survive.

uh smooth criminal Mike Jack.
throw a subliminal put your woman in black dress.
they was in Timberlands I was reppin them Nike boots.
member them nights that momma couldnt come right back.
im on the path right now put the plight on the mic.
if I write mine down I incite my crowd.
used to go to Mark Twain Mo County cosigned me.
got many flows that any ho would vouch for.
i got many foes cause many hoes be out for.
had the Penny Foams remember those was copper.
had so many homies talkin bout How you got those.
im Phil Knight in real life Im real Nike.
its flight club in my house they not like me.
more than likely they aint got the heart to fight me.
its a lie somebody seein me needs some Visine yeah.
let me let it breathe.
saint Laurent level weather never worry me.
im well aware they be wildin when they talkin me.
they bitches in the ballot but whenever I be on the scene oh.
hammers in the Uber I be limousine though.
diamonds lookin fluke but I got the same glow.
and I got a juice back around the way though.
we cold we cold.
used to be in LakeForest with the Kobe fro.
eddie Bauer coat Foams and a load of dope.
boat load of white hoes I sold it to nigga.
i was tryna survive tryna survive.
i was tryna survive yeah yeah.
i was tryna provide I was tryna survive.
i put it down every time.
got some niggas alive I got some niggas that not.
pour a little of brown liquor and look in the sky.
been the talk of the town nigga Virginia Maryland.
did it all for the capital hope you havent forgot.
hoes love me a lot niggas hate me a lil.
anybody can hear me for real give me they props.
hookin up with a couple models nobodys gon try to play us.
the motto is get your paper and make you a lot.
pulling up with the Young Sinatra Im looking like Sammy Davis.
the MGM or the Vegas to shake up the rocks.
and the Stadium poppin the Palladium poppin.
its a fifty a place nigga she thinkin about it.
ill be damned.
and its on now.
get in the zone now.
i said its on now.
ohh get in the zone now.
ohh no no no.

everybody alive everybody alive.
everybody thats listening to this feeling alive.
come on now feel the vibe come on now feel the vibe.
come on now come on now come on now you gotta survive.
everybody alive everybody alive.
everybody thats listening to this feeling alive.
come on now feel the vibe come on now feel the vibe.
come on now come on now come on now you gotta survive.
i said you gotta survive gotta survive.
gotta survive I said you gotta survive.
gotta survive gotta survive.
gotta survive I said you gotta survive.

uh woo goddammit Im back at it.
never out of breath like an asthmatic I done had it.
for this shit Im an addict back in Maryland livin in the attic.
flowin erratic bringin the static bustin like an automatic.
im badder than the baddest and madder than the maddest.
my flow the fattest hotter than a desert in Nevada.
none of the badder fuck all the chitter and chatter none of it matter.
pull the trigger and listen to the pitter and patter let em shatter.
cause Im rippin and livin and strivin the killer.
the Ripper he callin well go and hell flow and you know.
he pursuin it doin it movin it groovin it stoppin it rockin it.
talkin it walkin it flippin it rippin it no no no no no no no.
goddammit Im back at it.
never outta breath like an asthmatic I done had it.
for this shit Im an addict back in Maryland livin in the static.
flowin erratic bringin the static bustin like an automatic.
im badder than the baddest and madder than the maddest.
my flow the fattest hotter than a desert in Nevada.
none of the badder fuck all the chitter and chatter none of it matter.
pull the trigger and listen for the pitter patter let em shatter.
im rippin and livin and strivin the killer.
the Ripper he call and well go and he flow and you know.
he pursuin it doin it movin it groovin it stoppin it rockin it.
talkin it walkin it flippin it rippin it no motherfuckin script no.
im rippin and livin strivin the killer.
ripper he callin well go and he flow.
listen rippin and livin and strivin the killer the.
im rippin and livin and strivin the killer.
the Ripper he call and well go and he flow and you know.
he pursuin it doin it movin it groovin it stoppin it rockin it talkin it walkin it.
flippin it rippin it no mother to fuck up his script no no no no no no no.
this what we gon do right now.
ima test my syllable ability you know what Im sayin.
i like to call this shit my syllability.
ive been sippin on this tequila right now.
this one of the last songs we recording for this motherfucker.
so Ima really gonna go off on yall right now.
we gon do this shit in one breath alright.
this aint no bullshit this aint nah nah nah nah.
this aint no editin we gon do it like this.

im rippin and livin and strivin to kill it.
the Ripper hell call and well go and he flow and you know.
he pursuin it doin it movin it groovin it.
stoppin it rockin it talkin it walkin it.
flippin it rippin it.
like the motherfuckin script and Im ready to go.
then lick it and smoke it choke on it later yeah.
slicin emcees like Darth Vader.
decapitate a hater the second I spit it.

say hell.

stainless.
its 2 bars Aight.
daddy graduated from Cambridge yeah money talks in every language huh.
yall dont know what that game is.
man yall dont know what that uh.
yall bout that fraternity life.
if youre from where Im from then as soon as you come.
baby girl gon be bout that maternity life.
if you do like my daddy then she gonna be single and alone.
that maternity life for eternity life.
eternity life probably thinking we livin that life.
cause we do what we do but hold up let me get it right.
everybody got problems everybody got problems.
take care of all of them like this I might just go crazy all the way.
yall live that life where your safety is only a call away.
but not us mommy and daddy never bought us.
not a god damn thing but they brought us.
broke as hell we couldnt fund the trust.
outside run around with a gun to bust.
police looking for every one of us.
back then yeah all of that was fun to us.
had a little bit of money in the middle let me hit em with a riddle.
if I never had a dark night I might notnotnot.
not be the samemight not be the.
i know my mind is sober but Im so high its over.
i know my mind is sober but Im so high its over.

ayy hey now boy.
you dont know nothing about this right here boy.
chilling in Maryland three niggas in a Cadillac laclac.
you dont know nothin bout that Chi town.
south Central with the gang gang gang.
niggas in the projects for them niggas tryna eat.
get the fuck up off your silver.
everybody wanna live lavish a million in the bank on average.
they cutthroat yeah they savage.
one day I woke up and said Im bout to do this.
for the rest of my life no question its right.
waiting for the bus at a stop light.
looking at the cop right in front of my eyes.
living in a world of lies where the truth dies.
and hatred multipliesmumumumulti.
multiplies I said I cant take it.
i remember wondering if I would ever make it.
but as I reminisce I realise it was all irrelevant its evident.
im getting money for the hell of it.
never fuck around so the flow celibate.
speaking for the people like a delegate.
and when the situation delicate.
i execute it with the proper etiquette.
everybody wanna get ahead of it no cant take the time to stop.
it aint all about the money so Im headed to the top.
but Im still getting guap never stop unless a body drop.
metaphorical motherfucker to get it in.
while the whole world spin for the dividend.
but Im in another system.
everybody hate till he dead then they miss em.
why cant we relax and listen.
stop spending money on things that glisten.
i know my mind is sober but Im so high its over.
i Know my mind is sober but Im so high its over.

ayy hey now boy.
you dont know nothing about this right here boy.
chilling in Maryland three niggas in a Cadillac laclac.
you dont know nothin bout that Chi town.
south Central with the gat gat gat.
niggas in the projects for them niggas tryna eat.
get the fuck up off your silver.

till the End.
its the type of shit that they read about.
like Chris said I gotta bleed it out.
ive been in the zone I cant be without.
this real shit that I be about.
im a visionary thats long term.
but Def Jam said they need it out.
if I rush this shit I might be without.
but I need a vision cant see without.
ive been patient never complacent.
left the underground when I left the basement.
thats renovation I spit this verse like a revelation.
on the road with Kid Cudi and BIG.
conversations with No ID.
who made hits with Ye got hits with JAY.
now he wanna fuck around and make hits with me.
if its meant to be then its meant to be.
cant express what that meant to me what it mean to me.
man I swear the shit like a dream to me what it seemed to be.
its so different now everything is so different now.
ive been there and Ive done that.
tell em all that I run that thats a fun fact.
and Im back again cause I love this shit.
write it down and they publish it.
i went 5 years without a publicist.
cause the word of mouth they in love with this.
ive been dreaming Ive been scheming.
went away a while but Ive been fiending.
ive missed the fam but they know the deal.
been at it way before the deal.
now the  music got mass appeal.
my main girl got ass appeal.
like I feel the vibe thats the main thing.
little fish that went mainstream.
now Im big as fuck.
my whole city they know whats up.
im unseen and Im in the cut about extra shit.
i dont give a fuck.
when Im on the phone dont interrupt.
if Im talking business I might erupt.
if youre at the show put your lighter up.
fuck with me if youre really bout it.
outsiders I could do without it.
i crept in got slept on.
sold out shows no one knew about it.
when it comes to fucks I give two about it.
your cosign I could do without it.
na na na na na na.
na na na na na na.
okay last verse I gotta make it count.
wont speak on my bank account.
so many commas Id have to pause.
and I cant afford to just waste the bars.
every day boy I thank the Lord.
i got a lot of problems but could have more.
wish I spoke to my dad more my jeweler less.
i been hungry like Budapest.
tell me who the best dont give a fuck.
i just know Im blessed.
love life even though Im stressed.
this business boy I swear a test.
tell Def Jam if they dont cut the check.
ill send Chris to go cut they neck.
i love the building no disrespect.
but yall better ride when Im in effect.
thats radio thats TV but Visionary got the internet.
if yall fuck around or try to throw the ball to another artist.
ima intercept Its my time.
put half a mil of my own money in this album.
thats my dime no rap features just my rhymes.
my story its all mine from the basement to the stadium.
from the Roxy to Palladium.
ive been there and Ive done that yes I run that.
with this pretty girl on my floor.
half naked playing Connect Four.
but Ive been trying to throw sex out the window.
just to connect more.
she so fine type of girl I wanna fuck her mind.
and then unwind with some slow head.
all my homies like go head.
anyway its been a long time.
and this here has been a long rhyme so I gotta go.
its Logic the one nobody would vouch for.
hows that shit for an outro.
na na na na na na.
na na na na na na.
this is my story til the end.
na na na na na na.
na na na na na na.
this is my story til the end.

yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah.
yYeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah.
yeah yeah.
every day that they live and breathe is extended to them.
they may be misinformed about the truth they may be misguided somebody has led them on the wrong path.
a path of corruption and destruction But yet Gods mercy every day that they live is extended to them and they have another opportunity to be saved.

yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah.
yYeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah.
yeah yeah.
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah.
yYeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah.
yeah yeah.
this concludes the Under Pressure program.
arjun.

metropolis.
sometimes I feel like Ive drifted I feel different I feel gifted.
ive been high so long dont need to smoke to get lifted.
ive been under pressure looking for Nikki.
whenever she is around you know I come quickly.
vivid memories of Chicago south side where I go.
from Reggies to the House of Blues progress is the motto.
man the first show that I ever done sold out was in Chicago.
yeah yeah living like Ive been ready to die.
maybe not I dont know why my mind is changing.
rearranging this dangerous melody uh.
yeah and I know that aint nobody finna ever be ahead of me.
all that competition right there is dead to me.
yeah uh yeah Ive been turning the pages.
feeling the vibe shit is outrageous.
boy Ive been feeling courageous.
this shit right here Ive been at it for ages.
feels like Im running through mazes.
everybody has they phases.
yeah vibe with this bad bitch in the whip and I ride to this.
and Im feeling it uh hope when Im forty Im still in it.
one of the few that be killing it uh.
yeah young motherfucker that be giving what he living.
on the road to success so you know that Im driven.
but they didnt wanna publish it.
but right now Im on some other shit.
im in a different world Im with a different girl.
im with the same team but its a different scheme.
remember back when I couldnt even pay the bills.
and Ill never forget how that feels back when I would.
buy it break it roll it light it smoke it inhale it Im gone.
buy it break it roll it light it smoke it inhale it Im gone.
okay doing what I gotta do flying at this altitude.
i look out the window like Goddamn thats what I really do.
dont know why I fear the planes sometimes I wish to sustain.
if I look back on it I would do it all over again.
nikki Nikki where you been I cant wait to breathe you in.
been on this plane way too long I cant wait to see you again.
oh my God this turbulence has got me sippin on this liquor.
crazy racist white bitch looking at us.
like Who are these niggas.
first class on they ass all complain thats when I dash.
just landed in Europe and this model bitch is tryna smash.
now Im riding on the train all this shit inside my brain.
just left a hotel in Belgium damn them waffles was insane.
smoking blunts in Amsterdam.
oh my God this is my jam.
mayDecember by Mos Def.
in my headphones thats the man.

i know I know that I got it if I do what I gotta do to get by.
and they wonder why I never get high.
and they wonder why I never get high.
i know I know that I got it if I do what I gotta do to get by.
and they wonder why I never get high.
and they wonder why I never get high.
okay fuck affiliation Im that dude that did it on his own.
these thoughts inside my mind be fuckin with me when Im all alone.
i really like this girl she bad as fuck why must I run away.
it feel like self assassination I cant put this gun away.
god damn whats the plan Not complacent where I am.
reminiscing when I hit the road back in that mini van.
broke as fuck not a dollar whipping that Chevy Impala.
praying that we make it out this city Lord willin InshaAllah.
up to date the couple years now my idols are my peers.
i was on the road to nowhere till I decided to veer.
put my everything into this shit you know I know you know this.
used to give a fuck what people thought hoping that they would notice.
stop giving a fuck cause music gotta be the only motive.
mind racing on and off the track Im going locomotive.
i cant believe you dont like Tarantino.
ugh I dont like him because likewhen its non like nonTarantinoesque I think its a good movie.
you mean like Inglourious BasterdsI didnt see that.
whatI didnt I dont know.
oh my God Have you seen Pulp Fiction.
yeah but I dont really remember it.
what you talking about Have you seen uh this is funny cause were on a train have you seenfuck Whats his name The guy from the movie in the place on the thing.
on the train With the scenery.
uh Im tryna remember right now dammitSource Code.
noYou havent seen that.
noWith the dude from Donnie Darko.
whos thatOh my God.
well I still wanna know what your favorite Tarantino movie is.
my favorite Tarantino movie.
i know I know that I got it if I do what I gotta do to get by.
and they wonder why I never get high.
and they wonder why I never get high.
i know I know that I got it if I do what I gotta do to get by.
and they wonder why I never get high.
and they wonder why I never get high.
i know I know that I got it if I do what I gotta do to get by.
and they wonder why I never get high.
and they wonder why I never get high.
the original members of the Rattpack include.
c Dot Castro Big Lenbo and.

midnight.

everybody know I be.
everybody know I be.
yeah yeah.

everybody know I be.
in the club VIP sike not me.
old girl wanna fuck me.
yeah she fine Ima give her that D.
out with the homies I be sippin on somethin.
oh shit I might need an IV permanently permanently.
ayy Goddamn these bitches is thirsty.
they see a rapper but they ignore the band.
i aint talkin bout musicians you stupid bitch.
talkin bout whats on my hand.
bitch I been at and in it for a minute.
this all been a part of my plan.
sold millions of records before the radio.
damn it feel good to be the man.

ayy everybody know I be.
in the club VIP sike not me.
old girl wanna fuck me.
yeah she fine Ima give her that D.
out with the homies I be sippin on somethin.
oh shit I might need an IV permanently permanently.
goddamn these bitches is thirsty.
they see a rapper but they ignore the band.
i aint talkin bout musicians you stupid bitch.
talkin bout whats on my hand.
bitch I been at and in it for a minute.
this all been a part of my plan.
sold millions of records before the radio.
damn it feel good to be the man.
everybody know I be.
in the club VIP sike not me.
old girl wanna fuck me.
yeah she fine Ima give her that D.
out with the homies I be sippin on somethin.
oh shit I might need an IV permanently permanently.


oh no Bobby dont do em like that.
you gon fuck around and leave em ruined like that.
rattPack the gang they all on my back.
rattPack the gang we do it like that.
no dont do em like that.
you gon fuck around and leave em ruined like that.
rattPack the gang they all on my back.
rattPack the gang we do it like that.

yeah uh.
the illest that bring it the realest.
bitch I came to kill this.
they can never bear me just the homies and me.
now we the Grammy family.
you made a couple million that shit is gross.
my net is 30 my record clean my flow is dirty right.
real Gs move in silence like.
who the common denominator.
fuck around and bomb a hater.
my flow greater heart darker than Darth Vader.
check the data matter of fact check the state of mind.
after Im finished these rappers aint in a state to rhyme.
straight to your mind now.
feel this shit like its some Braille.
way too heavy for the scale.
all I know about is bars like I couldnt make the bail.
it aint never room to fail.
only growing and prevail.
when my anxiety rise and I feel like Im in hell.
take a moment and inhale.
count to five then exhale.
then we run that motherfucker like a marathon.
hits motherfucker hits yeah we bout that Barry Bonds.
brace yourself you cant retain me.
all that shit you talkin out your mouth just wont sustain me.
logic pickin up the slack like denim.
spit it with venom.
never pretend to be somethin that Im not.
and you aint shit when you stand next to me.
no kiddin like vasectomy.
step to me throw disrespect to me.
and Ill rearrange your trajectory.
black and white like a piano and Im proud to be.
and fuck whoever tell me I am not allowed to be.
i am me Im a man can I liveGoddamn.
yeah I guess this shit right here is just all a part of the plan.
haters gon hate thats the motherfuckin sayin.
so much plaque up on my wall I need a dentist.
from Maryland to Venice this shit is worldwide.
step up to the mic and its a homicide.
oh no Bobby dont do em like that.
you gon fuck around and leave em ruined like that.
rattPack the gang they all on my back.
rattPack the gang we do it like that.
no dont do em like that.
you gon fuck around and leave em ruined like that.
rattPack the gang they all on my back.
rattPack the gang we do it like.

take It Back.
take it back take it way back.
take it way way back to the first black man.
long ago before the white man.
could paint the black man with a gun in his hand.
take it back take it way back.
take it way way back to the first white man.
at the very moment when they looked around and said.
fuck it Ima steal this land.
take it back take it way back.
take it way way back to the first black man.
long ago before the white man.
could paint the black man with a gun in his hand.
take it back take it way back.
take it way way back to the first white man.
at the very moment when they looked around and said.
fuck it Ima steal this land.

everybody wanna tell me what I am what I am not.
you aint black you a mothafuckin white boy.
shut ya mouth do it right boy aight boy.
man why you such a hype boy.
why you always talk about being black.
skin too white nigga fuck that.
everything you talk about cut that.
that door you trying to open you could shut that.
grip the gat yeah thats how Ima buck back.
tell me what I am and what I know now.
all this prejudice has got to go.
life is moving fast it need to slow down.
come and see me when I am in yo town.
practice what we preach before it go down.
practice what we preach before it go.
yes I got the gift to gab fo sho.
will I have to get the gat No no.
yes I got to gift to gab fo sho.
but will have to get the gat get the gat get the get the.
masta deep down inside of me.
the plantation deep down inside of me.
everybody fuck like sodomy.
cause one or the other what it gotta be.
tell me why my momma gotta lie to me.
unity for everyone that lied to me.
peace on Earth what I try to be.
i just wanna spread the message of equality.
and yes I got to gift to gab fo sho.
will I have to get the gat No no.
yes I got to gift to gab fo sho.
but will have to get the gat get the gat get the get the gat.
take it back take it way back.
take it way way back to the first black man.
long ago before the white man.
could paint the black man with a gun in his hand.
take it back take it way back.
take it way way back to the first white man.
at the very moment when they looked around and said.
fuck it Ima steal this land.
take it back take it way back.
take it way way back to the first black man.
long ago before the white man.
could paint the black man with a gun in his hand.
take it back take it way back.
take it way way back to the first white man.
at the very moment when they looked around and said.
fuck it Ima steal this land.

take it back take it way back.
take it way way back to about 1990.
shady Grove Hospital in Rockville Maryland.
736 am where a biracial baby was born.
to a black father and a white mother.
father that wasnt there.
addicted to crack cocaine alcohol and various other drugs.
same as his mom.
so Im gonna tell you about that right.
and Im gonna tell you about how.
all this young boy ever wanted was happiness.
all he ever wanted was positivity.
all he ever wanted to do was entertain.
and this boy went through hell.
you gotta understand his mother was racist which is crazy.
cause how in the fuck is you gonna have.
all these black babies with black men but you racist.
like bitch that dont make no sense but it is what it is.
you know he grew up her callin him a nigger.
the kids at school callin him a cracker.
identifying as black looking as white.
being told what you can or cant be.
this kid went through everything.
he went through.
he saw narcotics in the household.
violence murderers drug dealers he was kidnapped.
there was crazy shit that happened to this kid.
and he persevered while the whole world said.
what they said.
said you wouldnt be shit.
you aint gon be nothin nothin nothin nothin.
nothin nothin nothin nothin nothin nothin nothing.
and I and he he said fuck that Ima persevere.
and thats why the message is always peace love and positivity.
see he always saw things from two sides.
he always saw things from two sides.
he always knew that the message.
everybody was born equal.
regardless of race religion color creed and sexual orientation.
he knew that because he saw that.
because he was stripped and torn down.
by his black brothers and sisters that were uneducated.
and that did not know.
and he was stripped and he was torn down.
by his white side that did not know.
these people that are ignorant.
that cannot see the bigger picture.
that must fight and kill and murder each other.
but once again all he ever wanted to do.
was spread a message of equality.
for every man woman and child.
regardless of race religion color creed and sexual orientation.
now imagine this child growing up.
and seeing the craziest shit.
being a part of the craziest shit.
running around with the wrong people.
running around with guns and knives.
and fighting and stealing and and all this.
because he didnt know he didnt know.
but he knew deep down in his heart that it wasnt right.
and he knew that he needed to get away from it.
now I want you to also imagine that at 17 years old.
this child okay leaves home and gets two jobs to support himself.
two jobs that he works in the morning and the evenings.
and then he would then come home.
to about eight or nine hours of sleep.
but spend four five six hours of that.
working on music persevering.
grabbing the remote control and looking in the mirror.
and pretending to see thousands and thousands and thousands of people.
just chanting his name.
hoping that it would happen.
but the but the but the world said no.
mothafucka little mothafucka nono nono nono nono.
ya nigga ya cracka ya white boy ya black mothafucka.
nono.
and he said fuck that.
he said peace love and positivity.
he said equality for all man.
regardless of race religion color creed and sexual orientation yeah.
now I want you to also imagine.
people telling him that he did not live this life.
you just a white boy.
you aint never experienced that shit.
you from Gaithersburg Maryland nothing happens there.
oh no no we know we werent there.
we didnt live with you we didnt live in your Section 8 household.
we didnt live with the narcotics and violence in your household.
we just saw it from the outside outside outside outside.
outside outside outside outside.
and since you white you gotta have money right.
and this young man persevered in spite.
of what people told him he was wasnt and would never be.
and that man is here today proud.
a lover of all human beings.
regardless of race religion color creed sexual orientation yeah yeah.
and hes here to say.
even though were all born and created equal.
we are not treated equally.
theres extremists on every side.
and you should just do your best to live life.
and let other people believe whatever they wanna believe.
as long as theyre not hurtin anybody.
you can believe theyre going to hell.
you can believe its not right.
you can believe youre superior fine.
just stop killing each.

man of the Year.

i wonder what it feel like.
to do that shit in real life.
and now I know I got it.
thats the reason No ID has signed me on the dotted.
but its still Visionary til the death of me.
yeah Im tryna make it but I gotta find the recipe.
greatest of all time I want the world addressin me.
at the hotel these beautiful girls undressin me.
im tryna stay focused I guess thats the Lord testin me.
i knew as a child that this was my destiny.
they do it for the limelight.
but I make sure my rhymes right.
waiting til the times right.
smilin at my moms like.
smilin at my mom.
smilin at my mama.
moët what we sippin now.
we was never trippin now.
we on private jets in other words that means that we trippin now.
cause they was over there I was over here.
they was too scared while I was facin my fears.
ive always been driven but they too scared to steer.
thats why I compete with legends motherfuck my peers.
im the man of the year man of the year.
man of the year man of the year.
man of the year man of the year.

they said I couldnt do it.
back when I was broke goin through it.
til I got a deal now they talkin bout I knew it.
but you wasnt there in the beginnin.
nowhere to be found when I was down.
but you show up when Im winnin.
uh left me to drown now Im swimmin.
i do it cause I love this shit.
fuck the money and the women and the.
and the whips with the rims still spinnin.
i been at it since the beginnin.
all these girls screamin Logic.
but I wanna hear my real name.
come from the lips of a beautiful woman thats real man.
yall act like Im Superman.
but I can feel pain.
i shouldve gone crazy and yet Im still sane.
love it when they sing to us.
been shinin whats bling to us.
yeah over here.
its only been a year.
i was dirt broke now Im ballin like a sphere.
im the man of the year man of the year.
man of the year man of the year.
man of the year man of the year.

now that Im in the limelight.
shut the fuck up ho let me get my mind right.
cause this is for the fans who truly understand.
real all the time all of yall my fam.
shootin for the stars and I aint finna land.
givin everything I can while they tell me Im the man.
makin music is the plan.
matter fact you can call it plan B.
cause I kill these rappers while theyre in their infancy.
and I be first to pop off infantry.
gotta keep em in line like symmetry.
we all fam same root smokin different tree.
and all these people in the crowd sound like a symphony.
uh to my ears I love it when they cheer.
on the road to success these haters in my rear.
i got nothin to fear.
cause the whole team here.
youre the man of the year man of the year.
man of the year man of the year.
man of the year man of the.

like Woah.
aye this that shit.
im looking at you 6ix.
ive been feeling like a.

ive been feeling like a mothafuckin postman.
sending letters to the people.
all this knowledge that I got Im like an old man.
hold up wait now oh man.
let me back up in this bitch.
im platinum in this bitch Im rapping in this bitch.
running the game yeah Ive been lappin in this bitch.
you know its alright.
fuck around and they all might.
look at a brother different Ive been at it all night.
i think I said it but I know I do it.
this for everybody going through it.

like woah.
through it like woah.
through it like woah.
going through it like woah.
you already know.
you already know.
gotta get it like woah.
in this bitch like woah.
get it like like like woah.
lets gouh Ima get it like woah.
back up in this mothafucka livin like a goddamn king.
tell me money aint a thing now.
30 thousand feet above the world right next to the wing.
too high to hear the birds sing now.
all around the world and back again its finally happenin.
im lappin in this luxury by nappin in a big ass house.
chillin with my homies on the West side West side.
bringin out my best side.
i was on the road for like a quarter I was in and out the border.
from London to Paris yes its very extraordinary.
fuck around and took the bus and a ferry.
shouldve seen the itinerary.
then we made it back home like woah.
tell me how youre feelin higher than the ceilin.
i know Ive been illin.
probably wonder where Im at bitch Ive been chillin.
why they grillin Yeah Im still in like I never left.
they know I had to go but then I brought it right back.

like woah.
do it like woah.
do it like woah.
going through it like woah.
you already know.
you already know.
gotta get it like woah.
in this bitch like woah.
get it like like like woah.
lets goUh Ima get it like woah.
i get so high they wonder why no I cant go away.
i gotta hold my own know thats the only way.
ive been vibin let me guide em I said I gotta know.
ive been ridin for so long I think that its time to go.
feeling like an addict that aint had it up and at it in a minute.
if it hadnt been invented my limit wouldnt be infinite.
im feeling like an infant in a womb Ima be here til the tomb.
lately Ive been in my room.
lookin and lookin at records on the wall.
hold up.

like woah.

yeah I hope we make it to fuckin paradise and not die on the way there.

wu Tang Forever.
en garde Ill let you try my WuTang style.
id like to try your WuTang style lets begin then.
shaolin shadowboxing and the WuTang sword style.
if what you say is true the Shaolin and the WuTang could be dangerous.
do you think your WuTang sword can defeat me.
wuTang.
wuTang.
wuTang.
wuTang.

ayo ayo WuTang forever who rhyme better.
we too clever the boom baps back harder than ever.
rIP ODB comin through like Killa Bee.
ever since I heard Enter the 36 in 93.
you cannot defeat my WuTang style I leave em all dismembered.
fuck a mumble rap that shit wont never be remembered.
not even a contender no pretender best surrender.
yeah we live and thorough.
assassinatin every single muthafuckin borough.
from Staten to Brooklyn to Queens the Bronx and Harlem.
all the way to Maryland yeah we comin for all em.
bobby Tarantino to the Digital.
my shit is pivotal smokin chronic no medicinal.
who you know assemble the Clan like Voltron.
the one and only Logic the God the don Im gone.
ayyo Logic what up.
we gon let these muthafuckas try this WuTang style.

yo yo yo yo kaboom.
guess who stepped in the room.
its Ghostface gold plates old truths more cake.
intelligent brothers with nine hoods movin snowflakes.
guillotine your head last scene in the showcase.
push weight this Colgate treeights and old gates.
exfoliate those we most hate we dont associate.
we wear robes that you cant even pronunciate.
we eat foods where you cant even pronounce you ate.
cribs where the floor just rises up and rotates.
locations lowkey cant even locate.
twin nina sisters with the beam we all soulmates.
team makin us so much cream we bought gold plates.

yo mountains of haze in the crib of my blades.
it gets messy underneath the dresser the gauge.
57 MB yo metallic green seats is piped off.
seize em old tracks unite through em.
the kitchen is my palace get your dance on.
while we just levitate with trees get your branch on.
im known to wil out put the cams on.
jewels down the sets dip my gems got grams on.
a specialist when Im bakin.
rhymes be comin out we makin.
we challengin these chumps for lumps.
heres the statementstop hatin.
the crew is all about gettin this cake in.
you know about me you relatin.
the enigma the stigmas that the RZA and the GZA.
both lyrical prolific fixtures of rap scriptures.
mixtures of hipsters weed smokers and beer drinkers.
prince and the Pauper spiritual clearthinkers.
cake in the oven Superbad like McLovin.
huggin all four boroughs puffin herb with my cousin.
academically speaking rap vocabularys weakenin.
i felt it comin like The Weeknd when these starboys start tweakin.
sporadic pillpoppin of OxyContin.
iIIgotten sexual intercourse make shorty wop feel rotten.
the travestytapestry of microphone mastery has been refuted.
diluted broken down to a catastrophe.
but cats still get the trophy hit yall with that Okiedokie.
burt Reynolds Bandit goddamnit.
where the fuck is Smokey Bear when you need one.
i got a lightbeam gun.
ill blast a hole in your chest that you cant bleed from.
but youll die through iniquity plus stupidity of that trickery.
my verse got it hot up in here not the humidity.
you can never get rid of me step back and consider me.
wu Killa Bee but Im not big on bigotry.

old school on this track I feel invincible.
this new school aint really got rules and lack the principles.
got more clowns than the Motown they puttin critical.
the gun Smokey Robinson you need a Miracle.
go back homie back when rappers used to be lyrical.
when nine out of ten of his friends used to be criminals.
the stats homie all these killas usin subliminals.
yall dont even smile in your pictures you dudes is miserable.
witty unpredictable torture over your physical.
struggle bar used to pour water over the cereal.
another bar reppin my squad not individual.
but one Nation under God thats indivisible.
my time critical hands off Im digital.
me and my Ladybug back when the planet was Digable.
im cool like that my cash rule like that.
im classic Patti LaBelle Voulez Vous like that come on.
its only Logic we got em mobbin in the mosh pit.
fifth Brother INS hotter than the tropics.
the hot shit I drop quick.
major player watch my stock lift.
razorblade sharpness regardless to whom or what.
sound boy turn that music up.
naysayer you aint even got a clue whats up.
deadly melody the sickness the remedy.
everything circulate back around eventually.
witty unpredictable talent allnatural.
gain WuTang pumpin through your veins.
twentyfive years still more of the same.
the flow like water with the boilin flame.
iNS your highness they callin my name.
boy I wet the scene similar to fallin rain.
in our own lane yall soundin all the same.
tell em WuTang is on your brain.

survival of the fittest be cold days with no money.
they dont want me with stacks they better take it from me.
you know the currency gone soon as you break a twenty.
so I aint down if you aint talkin that band language.
dear Lord Im tryna buy me a train with it.
an airplane see me flyin to Spain with it.
but money dont make me and I aint gonna change with it.
im in the hood lookin good the way I came with it.
do it for the Cs they understood the game with it.
we gave birth when we understood the pain with it.
when we create wars everybody is a gangbanger.
we killin each other but we all got the same anger.
never go against the grain homie thats hateful.
another day in the life for us to be grateful.
spread love homie yeah get a plateful.
its better to stay full so lets make moves.
i know your momma told you that I was a great dude.
these dirtyass cops they kill and rape you.
on some Jason shit might Crystal in the Lake you.
what What what They might Crystal in the Lake you.

boom bap blastll blow your sleeves off.
our Flashback Jacks are somethin to feed off.
smoke and roast ya the No 9 Potion.
pull that shit son we open the ocean.
who gives a fuck whos snortin and drinkin and smokin.
you get killed for jokin everybodys hopin.
thats another level of emotion.
food stamps niggas doin grocery.
police wanna grope me.
perp walk then nigga streettalk.
we bury niggas in sea salt.
i carry the torch where I leave off.
im givin bitches somethin to breathe on.
i rip off a shoulder to lean on.
its fair game its two in a lane she took two trains.
and none of my rhymes is two and the same.
nigga get cooked on a open flame.
im a hillbilly Park Hilltrained.

my rhyme starts riots in the mountains.
thirtysix million and countin.
the harder they come the harder I go.
loosen up my arms can I get comfortable.
stay on my tiptoes oldschool Wu beat.
this is a flipphone dude your slips showin.
where I come from it stays snowin.
the grammar is raw Im slammin the door.
beez bang bong in your jaw.
i hit em in the head with the hammer of Thor.
stars and bars makes me a general.
anything less makes me a criminal.
gotta dig deep for these WuTang minerals.

gOD shadowbox with the LOGIC.
on the count of three WuTang.
first master your breathin.
im mental asswhoopin Im teachin when Im speakin.
im a champion from Brooklyn.
im movin superninjas and Shaolin executioners.
avenger a righteous defender.
grandmaster from the 36th Chamber.
toad style is mentally strong so strengthen your arms.
to hold my microphone you need iron palms.
remain calm Jamel Irief.
wise chief WuTang poison clansman from the east yeah.

enter a world of a universal mind of one kind.
a thick swarm of words thats expressed in one rhyme.
food for thought impossible sliders with the seasoning Regardless I speak logicclear reasoning.
the uncivilized get the mineral lines quartz.
selfdirected calculated controlled thoughts.
a pointofview of the thinkers.
monumental architecture amazing as the Incas.

wTC ahha.
the faculty.
aint nothin goin on dont nothin move.
nobody slide nobody get hurt.

en garde Ill let you try my Wu tang style.
id like to try your Wu tang style lets begin then.
shaolin shadowboxing and the Wu tang sword style.
if what you say is true the Shaolin and the Wu Tang could be dangerous.
do you think your Wu Tang sword can defeat.

super Mario World.
lemme shout out Bobby cause 6ix in there like.
oh my goodness.
yeah oh my goodness oh my goodness oh my God.
yeah keep all that shit and this.
im like oh my goodness oh my.
and this here we go here we GO.
yeah yeah.

im like oh my goodness oh my goodness.
oh my God Im coming with the goodness.
acting like I aint been in it.
like I aint been pushing my limit.
hold up wait up get your weight up.
pLP but fuck around get the fade up.
they shit is made up straight up.

call me Bobby Tarantino living on the level.
and Im prophesizing everything we know.
because of the internet I made a million and another million.
thats word to Gambino.
he one of the realest I swear he the realest.
but anyway back to the subject at hand.
i just performed for an hour performed for an hour.
and made myself a hundred grand like.
oh my goodness oh my goodness oh my goodness.
oh my goodness oh my God.
wooh Thats lit thats lit.
thats gonna be the hook right there.
yeah Im like oh my goodness.
oh my goodness oh my goodness.
oh my goodness oh my God.
im like oh my goodness.
oh my goodness oh my goodness.
oh my goodness oh my God.
i just beat that Uncharted 4 lit.
bitch I been at it RattPack if you live it.
you die by that shitget it tatted.
i think I done had it now hold up wait up leave em laid up.
this for every single night that I stayed up.
real all the time nah this shit never made up.
no its never made up no its no its straight up.
straight up bitch.

im like oh my goodness oh my goodness.
oh my God Im coming with the goodness.
acting like I aint been in it.
like I aint been pushing my limit.
hold up wait up get your weight up.
pLP but fuck around get the fade up.
they shit is made up straight up.
yeah its that Flexicution I want retribution.
yall gone fuck around and make me wake up Lucian.
and I dont think yall ready for the revolution.
boy your shit is pollution Logic got the solution.
motherfuckers used to hate us now they sayin that they made us.
everyone know Im the greatest.
tell em Title your album A Fish Outta Water.
cause that shit be floppinYou fuckin suck.
number 1 my shit droppin love it or hate it they know the name.
they know the name cause its poppin.
dropped 2 million on my new crib.
now nobody but God can stop us.

oh my goodness oh my goodness oh my goodness.
oh my goodness oh my God.
im like oh my goodness.
oh my goodness oh my goodness.
oh my goodness oh my God.
im like oh my goodness.
oh my goodness oh my goodness.
oh my goodness oh my God.
fuck Jurassic Park.

city of Stars.
i know that you think this song is for you.
i used to long for you and adore you.
my life was just fine way back before you.
now when you reach out I just ignore you.

this is So long.
you did me so wrong for so long.
for so long for so long.

no I never thought I could live my life without you.
all you ever seem to do is scream and make it all about you.

and so I doubt you.
i doubt you even know whats on my mind.
i said I doubt you.
i doubt you even know why I left you behind.

i know that Ive been living.
i know that Ive been living.
i know that Ive been living.
i know that Ive been living.
in the city of stars where theres flying cars.
a brand new home for everyone and even life on Mars.
in the city of stars where theres flying cars.
a brand new home for everyone and even life on Mars.
this is So long.
you did me so wrong for so long.
for so long for so long.

and so I doubt you.
i doubt you even know whats on my mind.
i said I doubt you.
i doubt you even know why I left you.
yeah uh yeah.
much love to Def Jam even though they under shipped me.
did me like Bobby did Whitney but the fans was with me.
know my name around the world but it still aint hit me.
all the talent in the world and they still dont get me.
i didnt talk about my race on the whole first album.
but black vs white bullshit was the still the outcome.
how come these motherfuckers cant seem to let it go.
judging rap by race instead of the better flow.
who gives a fuck who made it I penetrate it and innovate it.
while they emulate it give a fuck if Im hated.
ima do it til I get it fuck a nominated.
bitch I dominate it.
yeah emails from Rick Rubin dinner with No ID.
chilling with BIG DADoubleDY KANE.
not many get to do what I do and now enemies.
thinking they slick as fuck like the finna befriending me.
but lets get back to the music Im gone.
outside of this solar system Im searching for paradise.
livin the life bitch Ive been a vet.
fuck all these cats on the internet.
i love hiphop and I hate hiphop.
cause people that love Pac hope that Drake get shot.
cause he raps about money and bitches for heavens sakes.
pac did the same shit just on a drum break.
now I aint wanna name names Im just droppin this game.
we all people all equalnow let me let off yeah.
now let me let off.
tougher than raw denim my flow you cant identify.
talib said it best back in the day we just tryna get by.
two words Mos Def in my headphones.
black on one side now Im in another zone.
switch flows fuck em upplay the game run em up.
yeah I sold a couple records but people dont give a fuck.
all the people want is real guess thats why Logic appeal.
all the power in the world hold that tell me how that feel.
racism on television and magazines.
paying taxes so soldiers dont run out of magazines god damn.
country dont give a fuck who I am.
just a youngin on the rise with a mic in my hand.
and I am heres to the Roc.
the 45 Glock that my older brother popshot.
and I am finally on top too high up not a drop.
stop we gettin guap gettin guap.
i am livin like I aint got it.
spit the flow so robotic man who gives a fuck about it.
maryland til I die but I had to get the fuck up out it.
i love it and hate it you probably dont know man I doubt.

anziety.
everything is fine everything is so fine.
everything is fine everything is so fine.
cause Im good so good.
cause Im good so good so good.
i wish you would I wish you would.
i wish you would I wish you would.
i wish you would this is my life.
this is my all this is my all.
and now Im happy right now Im happy but sometimes.


ima get up in your mind right now.
ima get up in your Ima get it.
gon get up gon get up.
gon get up get up get up get up.
ima get up in your mind right now.
make you feel like dying right now.
ima make you pray to God.
to the good old Lord for a sign right now.
to the good old Lord.
ima get up in your mind right now.
make you feel like dying right now.
ima make you pray to God.
to the good old Lord for a sign right now.
to the good old Lord.
ima make it some day some how what you telling yourself.
but you aint focused on whats important mentality health Everybody in the world only want one thing whats that.
infinite power and a pocket full of wealth.
its like ohhh Ima bring it back to the basics.
nobody can erase it.
people in the street going ape shit.
battling depression but nobody wanna say shit.
ima bring it back to the basics.
ima bring it back to the basics.
ima get up get on.
thats what I been on.
fuckin with your mind tryna turn shit on.
but they want to paint me as a villain.
even though Im here to open their mind.
through the rhyme of life.
i gotta open their mind and design the right time.
to make a decision and get in em like an incision.
cause Ima hit em and give em livin.
they wonder what Im giving Ima never give in.
i gotta let everybody know.
im in their mind right now.

ima get up in your mind right now.
make you feel like dying right now.
ima make you pray to God.
to the good old Lord for a sign right now.
to the good old Lord.
ima get up in your mind right now.
make you feel like dying right now.
ima make you pray to God.
to the good old Lord for a sign right now.
to the good old Lord.
ima bring it back to the basics.
nobody can erase it.
people in the street going ape shit.
battling depression but nobody wanna say shit.
why nobody wanna say.
i been living with this everyday.
why nobody wanna say.
everything will be ok.
ima bring it back to the basics.
everything will be okay.
i remember somehow someway.
i remember somehow someway.
i remember somehow someway.
i remember somehow someway.

it was December of 2015 in sunny Los Angeles California in the heart of Hollywood.
i stood next to my wife in a line surrounded by hundreds of other people on our way to watch Star Wars.
when suddenly I was engulfed with fear and panic.
as my body began to fade.
in this moment my mind was full of clarity.
but my body insisted it was in danger.
i looked around and I told myself I was safe I was fine.
but I was convinced that something was wrong.
before I knew it I felt as though I was going to.
fall and fade away.
my body grew weak.
and soon enough I found myself in a hospital bed being told what I went through was anxiety.
i refused to believe this story.
i searched and searched for the cause of what had happened to me.
i began to feel detached from reality.
i felt as though I was seeing the world through a glass.
i got blood work done.
analysis of my mind and body to no avail.
the doctor said it was anxiety.
but how could it be anxiety.
how could anxiety make me physically feel off balance.
how could anxiety make me feel as though I was fading from this world and on the brink of death.
derealization.
the sense of being out of ones body.
im not here.
im not me.
im not real.
nothing is.
nothing but this feeling of panic.
nobody understands.
nobody knows the sufferings.
this physical feeling.
it cant be anxiety.
it cant.
or can it.
can it in fact be the mind controlling the body.
yeah of course.
im so in control of my mind and my body.
but Im subconsciously forcing myself into a state.
of self bondage entangled by the ropes of my own mind.
i am unhappy.
not with life.
but with this feeling.
i am scared I am human I am a man.
but I look in the mirror and I see a child.
i am an adult who recognize grown ups dont really know shit.
and they never did.
and it scares me.
cause now Im just a grown up who doesnt know shit.
but one thing is I do know this feeling this horrible feeling is going to kill me.
no no this feeling.
this anxiety is nothing.
i have anxiety.
just like you the person I wrote this for.
and together we will overcome this feeling.
we will remember despite the attacks and constant feeling of our mind and body being on the edge.
that we are alive.
and any moments we have free of this feeling we will not take for granted.
we will rejoice in this gift that is life.
we will rejoice in this day that we have been given.
we will accept our anxiety and strive for the betterment of ourselves.
starting with mental health.
we will accept ourselves as we are.
and we will be happy with the person we see in the mirror.
we will accept ourselves.
and live with.

run It.
me and my team gotta intervene.
whats the point of living if you aint living a dream.
we live in a world where everybody want everything.
everybody want a better thing.
tryna fool ya like its picture perfect but its just the editing.
man the game been waiting for a better king.
ive been posted with my Queen like Coretta King.
screaming Money aint a thing cause it aint.
man I never knew that living out a dream.
meant living out a suitcase Ive been working at a new pace.
so much money on the road I aint even had a minute.
not a single second chilling in my new place.
motherfuckers getting twofaced.
cause a brother finally eating.
not to mention everybody gettin two plates.
you know I only got two traits.
drop hits get moneyrun it.

what the fuck is there left to talk about.
i told them my vision let em know what its all about.
industry only respect me because Im ballin out.
you never know who there for you until you fallin out.
and thats the reason Ive been in the kitchen.
working on that nutrition now let em listen.
boy this been my house this is merely an addition.
fuck em and their permission they was killin the game.
who the one that gave em remissionyou know the name.
who else you know on the come up do it like I does it.
lyrics all up in your skull like when the barber buzz it.
say my last shit a classic and I wonder was it.
come to think about it everybody seemed to love it.
i was workin on a budget second time around shit is different.
cause they know that boy good know he does it.
ive been at it for the people that been lovin my shit.
not the people that been hating.
they can suck my dickrun it.
ima do somethin different for the last one.
ima go in.

feelin like Matthew Mcconaughey.
on an Interstellar mission in Chicago.
at the bottom of the Riviera.
i wonder who I would be if I wasnt in my era.
i gotta beware of the people.
but I take care of the people.
when I jump in the cockpit and rock it.
been done had this in my pocket.
i had to wait to unlock it.
open that locket and see the picture I painted.
no we aint never acquainted.
on the rise like a defendant.
that was charged with possession like an exorcism.
my division is solely my vision.
god damn can you feel it.
uh I had a dream I would run the game and kill it.
had a dream can you feel it.
motherfucker wanna push it to the limit.
get up in it make the shit infinite.
yeah you know I wanna win it on my independent.
ive been at it like an addict.
never at the party like Im democratic.
lotta static on the radio.
fuck everything that they represent.
this right here is heaven sent never irrelevant.
no never when I slide up in the spot.
just a youngin in the game.
tryna show em what I got way back.
that was the mentality never truly reality.
looking for validation.
with all the wrong things on my mind for motivation.
just chillin at the crib on a PlayStation.
cause I never thought about it never thought that people would have a song like mine in their rotation.
til I wised up got em sized up.
ready to go Im feelin fired up.
man its been a good ride up.
everybody want me to lace em.
im too tied up this a ransom.
fist full of money then we head back to the mansion.
30 thousand people in the crowd we expanding.
couple years back you aint give a damn.
autographs off the plane whenever I land.
all part of the plan anything you wanna do you can.
just go and get it fuck em if they dont love em.
be above it unless youre thinking your profession gon be rap.
matter fact you should take a step backcause I run.

warm It Up.
youyou you.
youyou you you you you.
you youyou.
youyou you you you you.
youyou you you you you.
you youyou.
youyou you you you you.
warm it up warm it up.
warm it up warm it up warm it up.
warm it up warm it up.
warm it up warm it up warm it up.

its that Young Sinatra shit yeah thats that Young Sinatra shit.
shut the fuck up and listen whenever Young Sinatra spit.
yeah your girl fine as hell but she a Young Sinatra chick.
hey Bobby how can you tell She on the Young Sinatra dick.
all these rappers wack as fuck make the Young Sinatra sick.
rattPack be the squad thats that Young Sinatra clique.
goddamn said this the Young Sinatra clique goddamn.
listen yeahIm visualizing the realism of life in actuality.
step to me fatality yeah this shit is my galaxy.
i am who the baddest be Id rather be at the academy.
killers Im be glad to be me magnify the shit like bifocal.
motherfuckers talk on the internet but in person they never vocal.
come to the hood and fuck you up if you prefer to be local.
im loco from Noho to Soho.
gettin cheese like a photo you know ho.
im blessed like Sunday flyer than a runway.
lil Bobby never secondguessed that he gon make it one day.
oneway or another my brother word to your mother.
they should give me a badge cause Im always under covers.
goddamn Im a miraculous man.
you know I get I get it I get it I get it.
the Young Sinatra spit it rewind it and rip it.
i could murder your whole album with a 30second snippet.
pass the Mary Jane like Im runnin a train with Peter Parker.
on tour I have more sex in the city than Sarah Jessica Parker.
the deeper and deeper I go it get darker.
they say they want the old me they want the Young Sinatra back.
the one that murder it rip it up no never givin up round the almanac.
yeah Im all of that fall back like September again.
bashin these rappers so hard they wont remember again.
when it comes to hiphop bitch Im indigenous to this.
its apparent Im bearin down like a parent.
when the beef is at stake Im Mastros.
my godlevel lyricism surpass flows Im much more than fast flows.
money talk cash knows greatest of levelsIve passed those.
tell me what you really know about me right now.
anything I want I get it somehow.

fuck that trap shit this that rap shit.
give me the head like John the Baptist.
ready to rip it I hope in the captives.
greatest alive like Im Cassius.
i put em all in they caskets they cant seem to get past it.
im a bastard that mastered the flow.
and none of yall ready for the massacre though.
fuck with Logic Yeah thats a no.
matter of fact its not impossible just highly improbable.
like saying the police isnt robbable.
but Im liable to walk up in the station in blueface.
like Fuck the policeBlue lives aint a race.
fuck whoever said this rap shit was never a race.
this shit a marathon.
murder you motherfuckers and carry on.
claimin that you really bout this shit.
you got your Jim Carrey on.
liar Liar I might crucify ya.
number one till I die will never retire.
i am the Messiah I am the god of this shit.
this is how we do ityeah I started this shit.
yes I started this shit like.
tell me what you really know about me right now.
anything I want I get it somehow.

youyou you.
youyou you you you you.
you youyou.
youyou you you you you.
youyou you you you you.
you youyou.
youyou you you you.

killing Spree.
ass titties pussy money weed.
everywhere I look a killing spree.
all the things they wanted me to be.
is all the things that I turned out to be.
ass titties pussy money weed.
everywhere I look a killing spree.
all the things they wanted me to be.
is everything that I like like like like.
ass titties pussy money weed.
everywhere I look a killing spree.
all the things they wanted me to be.
is all the things that I turned out to be.
ass titties pussy money weed.
everywhere I look a killing spree.
all the things they wanted me to be.
is everything that I like like like like.

real shit goin on in Lebanon.
but I dont give a fuck my favorite show is coming on.
hashtag pray for this pray for that.
but you aint doing shit get away from that.
blame it on a black blame it on a white.
blame it on a gun blame it on a Muslim.
everybody wanna blame him blame her.
just blame it on a mothafucka killing everyone.
everybody wanna get high.
everybody wanna live life like they cant die.
everybody gotta be right.
everybody scrollin scrollin through they life.
i wish they would love me like I like they pictures.
i wish I had bitches.
i wish I had motivation to get money.
aint it funny my rainy day would be sunny.
if I had the vision of currency fallin above from the sky.
fallin above from the sky listen up.
everybody looking for the meaning of life through a cell phone screen.
everybody looking for the meaning of life through a cell phone screen.
everybody think that the meaning of life is life is.
everybody everybody woo.
everybody think that the meaning of life is.
ass titties pussy money weed.
everywhere I look a killing spree.
all the things they wanted me to be.
is all the things that I turned out to be.
ass titties pussy money weed.
everywhere I look a killing spree.
all the things they wanted me to be.
is everything that I like like like like.
ass titties pussy money weed.
everywhere I look a killing spree.
all the things they wanted me to be.
is all the things that I turned out to be.
ass titties pussy money weed.
everywhere I look a killing spree.
all the things they wanted me to be.
is everything that I like like like like.
oh I know its hard I know its hard like.
i know thats the reason you turn up at night.
livin yo life just livin yo life.
cant nobody tell you how to do it right.
come away with me come away with me.
let me take you from this world of insanity.
come away with me come away with me.
far away from flying bullets on this killing spree.
oh I know I know.
its hard yeah its hard yeah yeah.
i know its hard sometimes.
its hard sometimes.
ass titties pussy money weed.
everywhere I look a killing spree.
all the things they wanted me to be.
is all the things that I turned out to be.
ass titties pussy money weed.
everywhere I look a killing spree.
all the things they wanted me to be.
is everything that I like like like.

indica Badu.
yeah yeah SlayDro.
this that J Dilla right here.
badu Indica Badu.
yeah thats right.

riding round the city with my homies blowing trees.
wavy like the Seven Seas living life let me get it right.
let me give it a minute to get up in it like a beautiful independent woman thats finna make you wait to smash.
come now let me count this cash.
come now let me sip this flask.
pockets fat like shawty ass.
jump in the whip gotta get this gas.
put that shit in drive Im live like ammunition.
no permission needed I proceeded to accelerate.
had days with hella hate but gotta let that anger migrate.
all this shit thats on my plate.
that food for thought that cant be bought.
but only taught and on the real know.

i cant get much higher been smoking that fire.
riding round the city with my homies that know me.
know that I cant get much higher word to my supplier.
while you break it roll it light it use that fire ignite it.
i cant get much higher been smoking that fire.
riding round the city with my homies that know me.
know that I cant get much higher word to my supplier.
while you break it roll it light it use that fire ignite it.
i cant get much higher.
yeah yeah yeah yeah.
nigga like we smoking all weekend.
and I roll and smoke when Im drinkin.
tell them open that door but dont peek in.
we be havin a OG Kush meetin.
if we smokin that dope its a reason.
eyes so low from the chiefin.
i be getting high when I wake up.
and roll me one more fore Im sleeping.
man I be smoking so good that I be forgetting the past.
it dont even come to my house.
if it aint wrapped up in a turkey bag.
we roll up the herb and laugh kick back blow a zip.
take it on a plane know I smoke the same when Im on a trip.
try to tell me that she dont smoke later on she joinin.
aint no point no Im back keep going in.
you been rolling with cats who boring.
i be bringing them stacks enormous.
section always in the back important.
bad bitch gorgeous pack imported.

i cant get much higher been smoking that fire.
riding round the city with my homies that know me.
know that I cant get much higher word to my supplier.
while you break it roll it light it use that fire ignite it.
i cant get much higher been smoking that fire.
riding round the city with my homies that know me.
know that I cant get much higher word to my supplier.
while you break it roll it light it use that fire ignite it.
i cant get much higher.
uh yeah Im finna get up in the feeling.
independent feeling like a boss.
roll a little something smoke a little something.
kick back and then floss.
chiefin that Indica in the cut tell my anxiety to get lost.
fuck a pill only numb the pain.
man you know how much that shit cost.
i aint talking bout your pocket.
no I am only talking about the mind.
when the cannabis combine with the brain.
it be like everything you see it seem to shine.
smoking that Golden State everything going great.
got a lot on my plate not a single complaint.
stack of money in the bank.
this that RattPack and that Taylor Gang.
they know the face and they know the name.
im a married man with a bad wife.
never fuck around unless its Mary Jane.
come play the game honestly never the same.
just like my flow got one for every occasion.
living the life so my life is amazing woo.

i cant get much higher been smoking that fire.
riding round the city with my homies that know me.
know that I cant get much higher word to my supplier.
while you break it roll it light it use that fire ignite it.
i cant get much higher been smoking that fire.
riding round the city with my homies that know me.
know that I cant get much higher word to my supplier.
while you break it roll it light it use that fire ignite it.
i cant get much higher.
yeah and if you dont know by nowI smoke weed.
hahahaha how Wiz gonna give me the verse.
he aint gonna give me the laugh though.
hahahaha that shit iconic.
yeah yeah yeah Indica.

im Gone.
living like this is so crazy this world is amazing.
one day youre on top and the next she having your baby.
living life like this I get down uh when they come around uh.
i do my best to fall back and not not make a sound.
feel like my mind gone but Im still here.
dont fuck around cause they kill here.
this music it kill fear.
i use it when I need to hear.
been there done that.
drop the shit they gon run it back.
simple shit man Im done with that.
fake rap take it back.
my chain heavy got a lot of money.
my bitch bad have fun with that.
ive been there and dont want it back.
if I see the bitch I might run it back.
cause Im gone so long Im gone so long.
im gone so long Im gone so long Im gone.
drink smoke vibe fuck chill drive talk think about it.
drink smoke vibe fuck chill drive talk think about it.

lets get downlets get drowned on this vision.
my division is the greatest thats around.
this is where Ima be for as long as Im alive.
i could vibe with this fuck around and die for this.
but would you ride for this Better ride no lie for this.
they say whats your motivation.
cutting these records like back in the basement.
boy fuck a vacation.
we do this for love not no validation.
living like this is so crazy this world is amazing.
one day youre on top and the next she having your baby.
living life like this I get down uh when they come around uh.
i do my best to fall back and not not make a sound.
im gone so long Im gone so long.
im gone so long Im gone so long Im gone.
drink smoke vibe fuck chill drive talk think about it.
drink smoke vibe fuck chill drive talk think about it.

wanna get it like this.
i got it posted up at the crib with something exotic.
i dont smoke but she love to smoke.
and look good as fuck when she light it.
when she ride it its crazy love when I get inside it.
baby stop tryna hide it if the feelings there then abide it.
baby girl where you been I dont know.
i feel like this is the moment I mean it feel like it dont it.
shit girl I know that you want itbut fuck all that.
take the time to get down stop all that running around.
im feeling you feeling me know that you into me.
baby girl let me get down cause my mind gone.
thats the type of shit that Im on.
living like this is so crazy this world is amazing.
one day youre on top and the next she having your baby.
living life like this I get down uh when they come around uh.
i do my best to fall back and not not make a sound.
im gone so long Im gone so long.
im gone so long Im gone so long Im gone.
drink smoke vibe fuck chill drive talk think about it.
drink smoke vibe fuck chill drive talk think about it.

making a single before your album is like putting together a trailer for a movie you have yet to.

wrist.
yeah Ive been killin this shit.
yeah Ive been hard in the paint not a single assist.
yeah Ive been flickin that wrist.
yeah Ive been cookin that shit now they fuckin with this.
yeah Ive been killin this shit.
yeah Ive been hard in the paint not a single assist.
yeah Ive been flickin that wrist.
yeah Ive been cookin that shit now they fuckin with this.
yeah Ive been yeah Ive been killin this killin this shit.
yeah Ive been flickin that flickin that wrist.
yeah Ive been killin this cookin that.
killin this flickin that wrist.
yeah Ive killin this shit.
yeah Ive hard in the paint not a single assist.
yeah Ive flickin that wrist.
yeah Ive cookin that shit now they fuckin with this.

let me tell you bout the young man.
matter of fact Ima let Push tell that.
tell you bout the old man.
had a change of heart and then fell back.
old man lived a long life.
walked around with a long knife.
you aint cut the white like Jesus.
look at the flick of that wrist.
im feelin like Leonardo.
let me paint a picture I might need a bottle.
on the road to success I could feel the throttle.
that Michelangelo hundreds in the envelope.
tight shit when I write shit.
and that old man had a change of heart.
wish he knew it back from the start like goddamn.
looked around seen his wife on the ground.
military bussin bullets all over the whole compound.
soon as he seen it I swear it I mean it my members go quicker than vamonos.
he dead she dead he in jail.
everyone fallin like dominoes.
yeah Ive been killin this shit.
yeah Ive been hard in the paint not a single assist.
yeah Ive been flickin that wrist.
yeah Ive been cookin that shit now they fuckin with this.
yeah Ive been killin this shit.
yeah Ive been hard in the paint not a single assist.
yeah Ive been flickin that wrist.
yeah Ive been cookin that shit now they fuckin with this.
yeah Ive been yeah Ive been killin this killin this shit.
yeah Ive been flickin that flickin that wrist.
yeah Ive been killin this cookin that.
killin this flickin that wrist.
yeah Ive killin this shit.
yeah Ive hard in the paint not a single assist.
yeah Ive flickin that wrist.
yeah Ive cookin that shit now they fuckin with this.

simple logic.
clockwise counterclockwise realest nigga in the top five.
other four aint rap niggas Im just reppin for the blow side.
yuugh thats coastlines Panama for the boat rides.
worth billions and we aint even need Showtime.
just money counters and kitchenwear.
condo with a bitch in there.
two scales and baggies we got rich in there woo.
the Rollies been the trophy since Hawaiian Sophie.
curry over Kobe we shootin niggas.
splash brothers with the coca add in baking soda.
shades of blue I aim at you.
let the sky fall let it rain on you.
yeah Ive been killin this shit.
yeah Ive been hard in the paint not a single assist.
yeah Ive been flickin that wrist.
yeah Ive been cookin that shit now they fuckin with this.
yeah Ive been killin this shit.
yeah Ive been hard in the paint not a single assist.
yeah Ive been flickin that wrist.
yeah Ive been cookin that shit now they fuckin with this.
yeah Ive been yeah Ive been killin this killin this shit.
yeah Ive been flickin that flickin that wrist.
yeah Ive been killin this cookin that.
killin this flickin that wrist.
yeah Ive killin this shit.
yeah Ive hard in the paint not a single assist.
yeah Ive flickin that wrist.
yeah Ive cookin that shit now they fuckin with.

the Incredible True Story.
get em.

living life on the East Coast.
way back in the day trying to beat most.
anybody that wanna do what I do.
well let me keep it one hunnid with you.
it aint about that aint about Hip Hop aint about Rap.
take a minute hold up wait now use your cap.
chicago know Ima snap.
nah this aint no basic rap.

i said they wonder who am Iso high.

back again never outside so Im acting in.
i laugh again when they dont understand.
what I mean bias everybody seen by us.
everybody wanna live a life like this.
man fuck that do whats good for your family.
make music like theres no Grammy.
for that last line they might ban me.
i dont give a fuck though.
cause I am me from Beijing to Miami.
ima just do what I do with my crew.
aint no telling what Im finna do.
but I promise that Ima keep writing for you.
and I know what to do everything right here for you.
only for you depending on what you gon do.
its all for youits all for you.
i said they wonder who am Iso high.
let me take this time to find the rhyme.
and know that Im the only one.
to find the one the time is done.
beyond the sky beyond the sun.
there is no one besides the only one.
and you know I gotta let em know.
if you love it let it go.
at an alltime low and all I know is all I know.
i do what I love came from below and then rose up above.
created a world no one has been to.
everything that Im into everything that Ive been through.
bring it back like let it shine like a Bat Light.
reminiscing on that night gotta take flight.
everybody probably wonder what Im living like.
in the middle of the night I might write.
despite what they say is right and wrong.

i said they wonder who am Iso high.
wed like to be painters wed like to be poets Wed like to be writers but as everybody knowswe cant earn any money that way What do you want to do When we finally got down to something which the individual says he really wants to do I will say to him you do thatand uhforget the money If you say that getting the money is the most important thing you will spend your life completely wasting your time.

youll be doing things you dont like doing in order to go on living that is to go on doing things you dont like doing which is stupid It is absolutely stupid Better to have a short life that is full of what you like doing than a long life spent in a miserable way And after all if you do really like what youre doing it doesnt matter what it issomebody is interested in everythinganything you can be interested in you will find others who are.

but its absolutely stupid to spend your time doing things you dont like and to teach our children to follow in the same track See what we are doing is is were bringing up children and educating them to live the same sort of lives we are livingin order that they may justify themselves and find satisfaction in life by bringing up their children to bring up their children to do the same thing So its all retch and no vomitit never gets there Therefore its so important to consider this question.

what do I desire.

the Incredible True Story.
and Transformation of the Man Who Saved the World.


surface contact in 400 meters.
300 meters.
200 meters.
time of day is 628 Constant Meridian.
328 feet.
oxygen 100.
temperature is 17 degrees Celsius.
man what are the chances that theres some bigass creature out there thats going to eat us.
100.


fuck.

clear skies.
kai which Tarantino film do you think Logic liked best.
i would definitely have to probably have to say Kill Bill.
114 feet.
man stylistically hes likewhats the name of that bitch The lead character I forgot her name but hes like that bitchwith like some KungFu shit hes like with his raps Its fucking crazy.
you know inin Pulp Fiction I meanthe way Tarantino constructed his shots its the same feel for me with his raps you know Theres thought behind it.
no I could see that I could see that but.
but nah man fuck that man Kill Bill was the shit.
especially like knives throwing and dodging and shitand then fucking hot chicks fucking fighting each other and cutting each others heads off What the fuck is that.

yeah fuck it.

prepare for surface landing.

youre right hot chicks and KungFu cant beat that.

yeah cant beat that at all.
surface contact in.
10 9 8 7 6.
5 4 3 2 1.

are you ready for this.

are you.


wait waitwhats that sound.




growing Pains III.
guess who I met last night man.
oh we heard man.
crazy thing that I heard the homie say he ran around the corner from here.
if somethin go down man we ready man aint.
uh yeah outside I can hear em bussin bussin.
and the police they rushin.
go to my head like concussion.
id rather not have this discussion.
my mind racing for the elevation of the toxic in my blood.
where my mind dont know now.
but I know where it was.
i need Nikki where is Nikki.
baby girl please come and get me.
now Im old and shit is trippy but I know that God is with me.
this that baby mama drama.
give a fuck about a man I know Ima.
be there for my son talking with my sister it begun.
end of the month thats the worst of the month.
but the first of the month put the weed in the blunt.
that welfare check check.
wont ever bounce like my daddy did.
but Im glad he did cause it made me strong.
made me help somebody with this song.
paint the picture of my life.
growing up what it was like.
section 8 grab a plate.
food for thought gravitate.
food stamps Social Services tryna take me away.
my mama locked up I pray to God that I see her today.
maybe not maybe so West Deer Park thats all I know.
just me and my homies people that know me.
only ones that know.
corn rows and hang time automatics and gang signs.
fiveO with them K9s.
manhunt when its game time.
they was robbing the ice cream man in broad day.
now Im running from the police.
dont know how but I got away.
selling weed to my homies.
and a girl in the building that know me.
at 15 such a fiend for the shit that I seen.
all my homies smoking green fucking bitches sipping lean.
it was king it was cool seemed like something I should do.
such a youngin such a fool.
now Im breaking into school.
cause my homie told me to.
what to do what would you.
when will I lose my anonymity.
and become one with the enemy.
tell me would I be the enemy.
feel like nobody in front of me.
i can feel the vibe.
bobby what are you thinking.
what are you dreaming about.
bobby whats inside.
what are you thinking right now.
what are you thinking.
go to sleep.

i guess maybe I was thinking things would be different now.
cause when I wake up my dreams fade.
everything cascade.
in this vanilla sky I feel like David Aames.
why must I open my eyes.
i wish I could stay asleep forever.
attain every goal I wanted and watch it repeat forever.
will it happen Maybe never.
maybe so I got to knowbut tell me why uh.
i picture myself at the top but I know that Im dreaming.
will I wake up before I finally confront all my demons.
maybe notAll I know is this life I live.
i cant live it no longer.
wish I was stronger wish that I could survive.
turn on the TV let it wash my brain.
pretend that familys my family to avoid the pain.
hello children how was school.
it was good how bout you.
are you ready for dinner.
im able to set the table.
til I snap out the fable when that TV turn off.
and I realize Im back in hell.
logic has recorded 1700 songs in the span of his.
10 years as an MC However only just over.
150 have been released to the.

yuck.
my name is Paul Rothenberg Attorney of Law.
and I hereby ratify and confirm that Logic is motherfucking paid.

always on time cause my eyes is on my Rollieolex.
i dont trust nobody put my homies on the payroll.
logic aint here right now leave a message if you want ho.

hold it bring it back uh Ima call you back uh.
too busy countin stacks uh.
logic never wanna flex but Bobby finna bring the facts.
put my city on the map fuck with the gang get attacked.
it aint a thing RattPack nobody know about that.
bitch I been gunnin comin for the throne.
and I know that they talking cant fuck with the tone.
talkin shit bout Logic I never respond.
ill let success talk cause a word of advice.
more achievements for yourself and less talk.
cats beef with Logic yeah they prayin I respond.
if I ever did I dead you in this game with no respawn.
peace love and positivity thats all I want with you.
but you push the issue cause I give you more press than your publicist could ever get you.
hell nah fuck rap fuck beef.
anyone that hate me I wish you success.
i wish you look in the mirror and ask yourself why you suppressed.
the feelins of selfhatred that you want project on me.
bet if I never picked up the mic then we might be homies.
but you jealous you look at my life and you feel envy.
constantly comparing yourself to me and feel empty.
most people that dont fuck wit me aint never shook my hand.
im a good man yeah I love myself.
i know who I am yeah I love myself.
they dont understand.
but no matter what happen you know that.
i dont trust nobody put my homies on the payroll.
hi Its uhLogic Hi sorry Its Elton John calling you Um I hope you dont mind me getting you on your mobileor not getting on your mobile but I was just uhcongratulating you first of all on your performance at the Grammys and then I was asking youI was gonna ask you if youd like to do something for me and I will ring you back later and seeand talk about it.

lord Willin.
okay now this how Im feeling lately Im like the villain.
cause while they on that other shit.
i been posted out here chillin.
lord willin Ill survive but not like that 9 to 5.
you know this that shit that you bumpin.
in your whip while you drive.
ive been living life and I hope that you do the same.
cause if you aint doing what you love its only you to blame.
come on Ive been through the game.
bout time that they know my name.
numb it down for the pain this music my Novocaine.
lord willin we overcame its time to get over man.
ive been around the world and back.
and I swear its all the same.
and what I learned a prophet dont do it for the profit.
gon get off it check the topic.
watch me drop it can you top it.
i dont know Ive been at it on the low.
never did it like this here before.
but Im still here and I just hope.
ill make a difference make a killin Lord willin.

lord willin make a difference.
lord willinuh Lord willin.
and yeah you know that I gotta bring it back again.
i dont understand whats happening.
and yeah you know that I gotta bring it back again.
i dont understand whats happening.
so I tell em.

i guess Im back at it I aint done I aint had it.
if I was underground before then this is me in my attic.
for this rap shit Im an addict but cant fuck with that dramatic.
ive been busting my ass they probably think its automatic.
yes sir Ive done this shit before.
like your baby momma momma.
ima tell em like it is Ima tell em like it is.
life aint picture perfect we use the negatives to develop.
im well up Im way up.
nothing but net fuck the layup Im way up.
bitches losing calories out here jumping to conclusions.
cant fuck with they delusions Im on that 101 cruisin.
okay way back in the day I rap in a way.
but no not quite like this living like that.
in a way guess you could say made me wanna write like this.
not quite like this on my level Im unique and Im a rebel.
like you listening I hope that youre listening.
this feel like its summertime waiting for the bus.
number nine through the city all alone.
not a worry not your phone.
we just vibing maybe flying round the world.
man I hope you see the world.
and all your dreams will unfurl.
just dont never cash your pearl.
go out there and make a livin take this advice that Im givin.
make a difference make a killin make a killin Lord willin.
lord willin make a difference.
lord willin Lord willin.

and yeah you know that I gotta bring it back again.
i dont understand whats happening.
and yeah you know that I gotta bring it back again.
i dont understand whats happening.
so I tell.

slave II.
east side west side we ride we die everyone knows.
everyone knows everyone knows.
east side west side we ride we die everyone knows.
everyone knows everyone knows deez nuts.

tell me what you know about forty days forty nights.
no lights all for this.
tell me what you know about sleeping outside.
no ride in the wintertime all for this.
tell me what you know about commas in the bank.
lookin in the mirror yeah I did all of this.
x you out you get solved with this.
everybody know I.

im a slave.
im a slave.
im a slave for this shit.
im a slave.
you got to slave for this shit.
walk inside of Def Jam.
step on the president table and dap em up with the left hand.
cause Im countin money with the right.
in a different city every night.
and Im sellin records like its white.
its another day another flight.
paris in the morning LA at night.
what a beautiful sight.
now tell me who be fuckin with me alright.
everybody know Im livin this life.
everyone know I got the baddest wife.
this shit right here everybody gonna like.
hold up I know what I know what I like.
tell me why everybody in the pipe.
cause Im the only one doin it right.
im a rap genius like Rob Markman.
spent a couple of million on my new apartment.
down in Manhattan thats a multimillion dollar view.
and I got it from rappin.
damn everyone nappin on the boy heh shit.
im not a mad rapper but what.
im angrier than Kanye.
angrier than Kanye when he talkin about clothes.
thats a fashion line.
and my last album went number one.
so what that mean.
i did better than you you you.
sold way more than that pop bitch.
and I dare Def Jam to drop this.
i just drop hits.
check the Instagram fam.
i got fiftythousand people in the crowd singin out loud.
every word thats every lyric.
you can hate shit just stop actin like you dont hear it.
this shit right here for the party.
that album that comin thats shit for the spirit woo.
50.

ySIV.
its that Young Sinatra IV shit right here.
its been like 10 years.

visualizin and realizin my life is fuckin crazy.
poppin like JAYZ Dirty Dancin on the game like Swayze.
im one of the illest and bitch.
ive been ready to kill it its so amazing.
bitch Ive been blazin Im talkin grass I aint talkin grazing.
they just hit the tape while I sip scotch.
let the haters kick rocks my shit is tiptop.
i never flipflop why Cause my soul too strong.
did this all on my own cause waiting took too long.
the flow sophisticated.
all these youngins do is whine like they inebriated.
im hated but yeah thats how you know I made it.
im one of the illest Im one of the realest Im ready to kill this.
the people they feel us me and my team made millions.
but you know we still us.
thats why they wanna kill us thats why they wanna kill us.
rattPack real all the time we never phony.
im singlehandedly running the game like a Sony.
while the rest of these rappers is acting.
pass em the Tony pass em the Oscar.
from the new school rappers yeah Im the illest on the roster.
smoke like a rasta.
black and white like Bob Marley yeah like Bob Marley.
these racist motherfuckers hate that last line.
probably haters on the internet aint got nothing to bargain.
said Id never make it bitch I just sold out the Garden.
lifes a bitch and then you die thats why we get high.
cause you never know when youre gonna go.
lifes a bitch and then you die thats why we get high.
cause you never know when youre gonna go.
lifes a bitch and then you die thats why we get high.
cause you never know when youre gonna go.
lifes a bitch and then you die thats why we sip scotch.
like Sinatra screamin Motherfuck the cops.

they say they want the old Logic the one that flow like a faucet Im still the same me they just dont believe it like they agnostic.
if I spit over the boombap then they perceive it as nostalgic.
but the truth is my subject matter has been the same.
and my production selection is still flame.
but they love you on the come up cause you aint tainted by fame And you still they little secret.
thats the type of bullshit that they frequent.
from 19 to 2019 been murderin this shit for a decade.
so whats the dealy Pass the Phillie get silly thats on the really.
we snappin like Uma Thurman in Kill Bill Im talkin achilles.
try to play me like I aint me but I provided all the deets.
who you know worth 50 million still rappin on break beats.
from Nasty Nas BigL Tribe The Roots and many more.
of course we could never forget Biggie and young Shakur.
fuck the police no we aint fuckin with Al Pastor.
im the bastard that mastered the flow I said it once before fa sho.
while 6ix produce the kicks from the soul you already know.
fuck these youngins talking outta they ass with no class.
im here to school em.
this that real shit Im never foolin.
im killin these squares we call it a massacre.
i got the bread but these fuckers need the dough like a baker.
the legends above me love me like the RZA like Nas like Jay Cause I mastered the flow from back in the day.
respected by my peers from Drizzy to Cole to Kenny.
thank you for the love and inspiration plenty.
yeah Im loved by many and only hated by a little.
now I think its time to switch to lyricism peep the riddle.
i was born in mint condition Im everybodys lifes mission.
all right listen put me round your neck and I might glisten.
the ultimate connect Ill get you anything you need.
from good credit to good weed.
i can make any woman succeed.
control you with a heart of greed.
along with anybody thats in need Ill make em beg and plead.
im in the pocket of mafia crime lords and presidents.
without me theyll evict you from your residence.
hov wrote about me on Dead Presidents never irrelevant.
not a soul on earth would love me if I werent me.
no matter what year Im in Im current see.
people that have me yeah they powers so immense.
but people without me make no sense god damn.
yeah the world revolve around me the law evolve around me.
the shit people do to get a piece of me astound me.
blood stains my face when drug deals go wrong.
im given to the greatest athletes when they go long.
you could put me in check.
but Im still laughing all the way to the bank.
im the reason that the Titanic sank.
im always there for you yeah when it comes down to the wire And some people even tuck me away til they retire.
i usually come around on the first and fifteenth.
if you owe me to somebody then theyll leave you beneath.
people go crazy when they feel me.
in the Middle East they drill me.
if you let your guard down then some peoplell steal me.
i knew these two dudes thats always been homies since fifth grade.
always schemin on the block selling crack to get paid.
now they never graduated thought that shit a charade.
only thing on they mind that wasnt me was get laid.
then one day they had a falling out on the block.
see one thought the other one had been stealing his rock.
cause he coulda sworn he had more weight in his stock.
pulled out the Glock and his homie yelled Stop.
but before he had the chance to pull the trigger.
oh shit here come the cops.
they saw the gun and blew them both away.
now theres two more kids dead in the street all before twenty Over me the most important thing to man money.
lifes a bitch and then you die thats why we get high.
cause you never know when youre gonna go.
lifes a bitch and then you die thats why we get high.
cause you never know when youre gonna go.
lifes a bitch and then you die thats why we get high.
cause you never know when youre gonna go.
lifes a bitch and then you die thats why we sip scotch.
like Sinatra screamin Motherfuck the cops.

we just some motherfuckin kids.
we just some motherfuckin kids.

we love and m iss you Mac.
for those of yall who dont know man Mac is the whole reason that I started doing this Young Sinatra shit I remember I loved Lord Finesse all the shit he did with DITC Diggin in the Crates Hip to the Game one of likeone of the illest beats ever and I remember when Mac flipped that shit for KoolAid and Frozen PizzaI thought it was the dopest shit man Mac showed me that I could just do it all on my ownme and all my boys all my homies and if it wasnt for him killing that beat I would have never got on that beat for my very first mixtape Young Broke and Infamous Damn thats like 2010 And I titled the track Young Sinatra And that was the birth of all this shit So thank you I appreciate you love you and miss you yeah.
yeah we just some motherfuckin.

overnight.
yeah maybe this should just be the intro like this.
thats it squad bitch.

all these bad bitches say they love me I already know.
check the check the bling thats on my finger cause Im married ho.
there he go everybody know that boys pockets is swole.
whats good That sound familiar never been here befo.
life good cause I just got quoted two hundred a show.
oh no oh no two hundred a show.
overnight all this money that Ive been makin I gave it right back.
to all of the people that made me you know we like that.
dont know why your bitch wanna date me but I cant fight that.
guess you aint done shit for her lately not on the right track.
if I think that shit sound good I gotta write that.
weed man knockin on the door Ill be right back.
pass the shit to 6ix watch him light that.
hit the studio record the shit then mix the shit then master it.
and then we do the show and they recite that.
bitch Im right back told em bout my life told em bout my life.
told em I was broke as fuck too many nights.
now I see my name up on so many lights but everybody prolly think this shit done happenhappenhappen.

overnight people think this how this shit happened but they never right.
acting like they got it they got it but they never quite seem to understand that this right here deeper than all that.
hustlin the streets like they trap overoverovernight.
people think this how this shit happened but they never right.
acting like they got it they got it but they never quite seem to understand that this right here deeper than all that.
tell me how you really feel how you really feel.
all they ever do is hate the boy but now they know the name.
tell me how you really feel how you really feel.
all they ever do is hate the boy but now I run the game.
tell me how you really feel how you really feel.
you can hate now all you want but shit wont ever be the same.
tell me how you really feel how you really feel.
you can hate me but Im not the reason that your life is lame.

tell me is it really so hard.
really so hard to be a good person.
tell me is it really so hard.
i treated everybody with respect.
maybe you got issues with your daddy doe.
maybe you was bullied back in high school.
maybe you are just a tool.

maybe youre the reason youre the reason.
the reason I dont fuck with nobody and.
maybe youre the reason youre the reason.
the reason I came up with nobody and.
maybe youre the reason youre the reason.
everybody think this right here happened.
overnight people think this how this shit happened but they never right.
acting like they got it they got it but they never quite seem to understand that this right here deeper than all that.
hustlin the streets like they trap overoverovernight.
people think this how this shit happened but they never right.
acting like they got it they got it but they never quite seem to understand that this right here deeper than all that.
hustlin the streets like they trappin and burnin down.

young Sinatra III.
various women Im swimming in like a shark.
hiphop heads never die we multiply then dominate.
cmon this sound it had to come from somewhere right.
uh yeah.

various listeners is wishing us death.
dont give a damn Im reppin Young Sinatra till my last breath.
easily my darkest confession is lyrical aggression.
through indiscretion that triggers antidepression.
when addressin my profession in every session.
the fact that Im alive is such a blessing.
sippin wine while these honeys undressin.
what Im about to say is highly confidential.
and in the music industry today very essential.
so bust out your pencil you can do it on your own.
stop thinking that these labels is the ones that put you on.
lets change the topic whos your favorite rapper.
im the top pick ha.
the flow is elegant never irrelevant.
how many times must I say this.
cock back and spray this never delay this.
i pray this reaches the masses.
and spread like cancer on they asses.
now allow me to catch wreck bust rhymes like Tech.
put me in your box and I destroy the deck.
i used to bust tables now I bust rhymes.
that buck that bought a bottle.
i swear to God Im the reincarnated Young Sinatra.
i used to bust tables now I bust rhymes.
that buck that bought a bottle.
i swear to God Im the reincarnated Young Sinatra.

whipin through Cabo in a Murcielago.
dodging paparazzi with the finest dime I met in Chicago.
the baddest Bobbysoxer that you ever seen reppin my team.
we real all the time so my squad keen bing.
dave its me Sinatra and my boy Dean.
and pregnant women listen and they give birth to a fiend.
i spit narcotic epidemic all up in your genes.
in laymans terms I disperse a verse you never seen.
assassinate rappers the moment that they intervene.
while you in the alley playing dice.
im in the yacht contemplating plans for the next diamond heist.
art thieves and jewel connoisseurs.
i study every part of they mind and make my rhyme better than yours.
elevated by being hated sleeping on the brother like they heavily sedated.
some say Im one in a million I say Im one of a kind.
only cocky when I rhyme Im Muhammad in his prime.
i used to bust tables now I bust rhymes.
that buck that bought a bottle.
i swear to God Im the reincarnated Young Sinatra.
i used to bust tables now I bust rhymes.
that buck that bought a bottle.
i swear to God Im the reincarnated Young Sinatra.

yo address the mic and start spillin like I hit the vein.
back in the day they used to sleep on me like Tryptophan.
touchdown now the city screamin my name.
i flow gunshots and break fingers just to shift the pain.
whoever hate em I levitate em like David Blaine.
black Ops state of mind play the game like campaign.
bumpin Santana in the finest Copacabana.
in Havana with a honey by the name of Hannah.
wearing nothing but a bandanna.
pussy wetter than Louisiana.
you know the deal peace to Miilkbone I keep it real.
flyer than a man of steel motherfucker how you feel Its Logic.
i woke up early on my born day Im 20 its a blessing.
the essence of adolescence leaves my body.
now Im fresh and my physical frame is celebrated.
cause I made it one quarter through life.
some Godlylike thing created.
got rhymes 365 days annual plus some.
load up the mic and bust one cuss while I puffs from.
my skull cause its pain in my brain vein money maintain.
dont go against the grain simple and.

driving Ms Daisy.
somewhere this shit done got crazy.
ive just been drivin Ms Daisy.
with my hands on the steering wheel.
and my eyes on the pavement.
i give a fuck bout where they went.
i owe my lawyer a payment.
they talkin bout no arraignment.
now I wonder where the rain went.
i just been all in my mind homies tell me Im stressin.
i been countin whats on my bucket list.
and not on my blessings.
iII cant end up like my mama poppin antidepressants.
shit Ive been in doubt so long dont know who I was.
please pardon my grammar Daisy vibin with this.

ive just been drivin.
uhuh nahnah dadada ladadada.
ive just been drivin.
uhuh nahnah dadada ladadada.
i just been drivin Miss Daisy.
uhuh nahnah nahnah uh uh ahdada.
i just been drivin Miss Daisy.
ive just been drivin Miss Daisy.
ive just been drivin Miss Daisy.
her feet to the ceiling she said that she love me.
she never said that in college 3005 is our mileage.
im in my lane like a Prius because Im movin in silence.
all the flashing lights and a couple Crown Vics.
wanna rock a crown and a ring on the left.
tell your nigga speed up she dont wanna get left.
relationships look closer in that rear view.
finally slow it down and realize she aint nowhere near you.
put that shit in neutral.
yeah you really love her but is she worth yo future.
your Ciara your Beyoncé they be sayin he got money.
think that Kim be wit Kanye if he left drive in the driveway.
yeah I know who you are yeah I know who you is.
we were drivin together when we met we were kids.
you aint know bout the biz I aint know bout it either.
i see you in that new ride I flash my lights when I see you.

i just be drivin.
uhuh nahnah dadada ladadada.
i just been drivin Miss Daisy.
uhuh nahnah nahnah uh uh ahdada.
i just been drivin Miss Daisy.
uhuh nahnah nahnah uh uh ahdada.
i just been drivin Miss Daisy.
uhuh nahnah nahnah uh uh ahdada.
i just been drivin Miss Daisy.
ah ah ah ah ah ah ah dada.
turn left on West Deer Park.
doing 90 on the highway.
we gon do it my way.
i said 90 on the highway we gon do it my way.
uh I said 90 on the high 90 on the high ahdada.
90 on the high 90 on the high ahdada.

hallelujah.
so here we go here we go.
am I ready Are you ready.
are they ready Are we ready.
i dont know I dont know.
what do I know.
i know you need to.
open your mind open your mind open your mind.
open your mind open your mind open your mind.
open your mind open your mind open your mind.
open your mind open your mind open your mind.
open your mind open your mind open your mind.
open your mind open your mind open your mind.
open your mind open your mind open your mind.
open your mind open your mind open your mind.
open your mind open your mind open your mind.
open your mind open your mind open your mind.
open your mind open your mind open your mind.
open your mind open your mind open your mind.

im like hallelujah.
praise God almighty the most high.
alpha and omega in the sky.
im like hallelujah.
praise God almighty the most high.
alpha and omega in the sky Im like.
made in the image of God.
with a blunt in my mouth and a bitch on the side.
hold up wait a minute my life need a massage.
happy ending with a money menage.
me dirt broke thats a money mirage.
runnin my city like Im the Wizard of Oz.
everybody wanna know what I devise.
everybody wanna know yeah.
got a new vision everybody listen.
fuck around I got a new religion.
what it is what it isnt all of that revision.
get the fuck up out that prison.
its obvious the body is the cracker.
the worse it is what hurts it is the blacker.
everybody actin like the brain dont matter.
mind over matter unless we talkin brain matter.
actin like you never seen a ass way fatter.
bitch way badder mind in the gutter.
food for thought yeah thats the plan with the butter.
talkin shit ya get hit like what up.
i just wanna do it but I cant.
world wanna tell me what I aint.
far from a saint come now just let that boy paint.
let a mothafucka like this live.
yeah lemme show em what I gotta give.
let a mothafucka like this live like like.
made in the image of God can you feel the vibe.
mothafucka is you ready to ride Is you ready to die.
like BIG the VIP.
the greatest of all time Ill be Ali.
see I be.
the cost of livin it aint free.
see the tab on me.
feelin like the man got tabs on me.
wonder if I only had rags on me.
would ya love me want me.
here with this I know.
funny thing is I dont even know.
all I get to have and all I have to give.
is what my God will give.
yeah lemme show em what I gotta give.
let a mothafucka like this live like like.
im like hallelujah.
praise God almighty the most high.
alpha and omega in the sky.
im like hallelujah.
praise God almighty the most high.
alpha and omega in the sky.

im like.
hold up wait a minute.
know my mind been goin like whoa ayy.
i been thinkin prayin hopin dreamin it wont go away.
i know my mind alright I know ayy.
i know my mind alright do you know a way.
your way do it your way.
do it your way do it.

this is beyond the flesh this is beyond the flesh.
this is from the soul and for the soul.
this is for all my brothers and sisters for all my children.
this is for every race.
this is for every color every creed.
music does not discriminate music is made to assimilate.
black is beautiful black is beautiful and so are you.
strollin down the highway Im strollin.
and I was strollin down the highway.
strollin strollin strollin strollin.
i was strollin down the highway.
with my mind ablaze.
strollin down the highway.
for days and days.
strollin down the highway.
with my mind ablaze.
strollin down the highway.
for days and days and days and days.
hello.
i know I know Im supposed to been home Im coming.
just Im on my way home every time.
im on my way there right now okay.
oh shit.
life whats it all about.
what Wait where am I.
the space between spaces.
beyond time and existential intelligence.
forget fuck all the hippy shit where am I.
whats the last thing you remember Atom.
i was in the store I bought some smokes.
i came outside the phone rang I.
how do you know my name.
you were walking home from work when you died.
died Dead Im dead Im dead.
it wasnt an act of courage or bravery but it was your time.
what do you mean its my time What I got.
what about Vanessa What about the baby.
your wife and son You see thats what I like to hear.
you find out youre dead and the first thing you worry about is others.
man answer me what about my family.
whats going on with Vanessa.
theyre doing just fine.
you see your wife was cheating on you.
wait wait the bitch did what.
and even though she loved you dearly.
she was a bit relieved you would never find out.
wait what the fuck you mean she cheated on me.
how you gon tell me Im dead then gon tell me my wife cheated on me.
atom none of that matters now.
walk with me.
wait what is this Is thisIs this heaven.
no.
well I dont see no pitchforks.
little red people runnin around.
it aint too hot up in here so I guess this aint hell either.
i think the easiest way to describe it this white void.
is to look upon it as a waiting room.
soare you God.
yes Im.

america.
hey mothafucka Im real as shit.
everything Im talkin bout real as real as shit.
aw yeah Im back in this bitch.
and you dont gotta like it but get off my off my.
hey mothafucka Im real as shit.
everything Im talkin bout real as shit.
aw yeah Im back in this bitch.
and you dont gotta like it but get off my dick.

fight the power fight the power.
fight for the right to get up and say fuck white power.
everybody come and get up get on.
and no matter what you fighting for I promise that itll live on.
like make America great again.
make it hate again.
make it white.
make everybody fight.
fuck that.
streets disciple.
my raps are trifle.
i shoot slugs from my brain just like Cobain.
and everybody wonder why the world insane.
why the world insane.
why the world insane.
why the world insane.
hey mothafucka Im real as shit.
everything Im talkin bout real as real as shit.
aw yeah Im back in this bitch.
and you dont gotta like it but get off my dick.

the world going mad over one drug.
im filling up a bag at the gun club.
in the shadow of a nation that it once was.
all this false information Ima unplug young blood.
it is not love up at TrumpThugs dot gov.
the man in the high castle in a hot tub.
we locked in a pine casket its botched up.
like plastic surgery classic perjury.
the way they can plead the fifth to the 13th.
and stop to search me controversy.
them boys in the klansmen hoods is thirsty but hey motherfucker.

hey mothafucka Im real as shit.
everything Im talkin bout real as real as shit.
aw yeah Im back in this bitch.
and you dont gotta like it but get off my dick.

young blood it takes another look and feel.
slap that fear monger at that wheel.
olive branches in the arrow seal.
alternative facts mean to lie and steal.
gotta to go to ban the whole.
refugee population from the land they stole.
in the name of the government.
rich white man while the rest be suffering.
run from the locked down borders.
aint like Flint aint got clean water.
dirty politics never come clean.
can yall believe this shit in 2017.
hey mothafucka Im real as shit.
everything Im talkin bout real as real as shit.
aw yeah Im back in this bitch.
and you dont gotta like it but get off my off my dick.

george bush dont care about black people.
2017 and Donald trump is the sequel so.
shit Ill say what Kanye wont.
wake the fuck up and give the people what they want.
man its all love but the youth is confused.
your music is 2020 but them political views.
is blurred I aint trying leave ya name slurred.
cause honestly I idolize you on everything my word.
but I gotta say what need be said.
cause I aint fuckin with that hat with the colors thats white and red.
i know some people wish Id act white instead.
say Id use my pigment as a manifestation to get ahead.
fuck that everything I do I do it right.
to teach the people that they have the power to fight.
and not with semi automatic bullets in the night.
so everybody everywhere listen to this fact.
nobody treated equally especially the black.
if you dont get it the first time bring it back.
now everybody gotta fight for equal rights.
cause the richest people in the whole world equal whites.
to make it happen though we gon need patience.
and not violence giving hospitals more patients now.
dont burn down the mom and pop shop.
im just as angry another person got shot.
dont be angry at the color of they skin.
just be happy that as a people we could begin again and.
ima tell you what I need right now.
ima tell you what we all need.
i need my people of color.
dont run from Trump run against him.
hey mothafucka Im real as shit.
everything Im talkin bout real as real as shit.
aw yeah Im back in this bitch.
and you dont gotta like it but get off my off my.
hey mothafucka Im real as shit.
everything Im talkin bout real as shit.
aw yeah Im back in this bitch.
and you dont gotta like it but get off my dick.

ohh hands up for the 50.
oh ohh hands up for the 50.

i been in the cut liquor in my cup 38 tuck.
i dont give a fuck I dont give a damn.
i just wanna live I just wanna eat.
but I gotta do it for the hood do it do it for the street uh.
dope in the trunk.
creepin out the cut.
9 by the gut.
never get enough.
i dont give a fuck.
stupid mothafuckas move backwards.
mastered the hustle.
something in the duffle for you bastards.
grind over chatter.
cheese on my mind like a packer.
only thing that matter bitch scatter.
you in my way about to spray the AK.
middle of the day like that shits okay.
never had a job never had a education.
only know probation.
never had a job never had a education.
yeah I never had chance in this world I never had one.
no I never had a chance in this world I was labeled a bad one.

yeah yeah yeah.
now send the blacks back to Africa.
build a wall for the Mexicans.
send the whites back to Europe.
give the land to the Native American.
take the skyscraper.
tear down the casino.
print your own paper.
and bear down on the gringo.
take the skyscraper.
take the skyscraper.
tear down the casino.
tear down the casino.
print your own paper.
print your own paper.
and bear down on the gringo.
and bear down on the down on the down on the.
take the skyscraper.
the skyscraper.
tear down the casino.
tear down the casino.
print your own paper.
print your own paper.
and bear down on the gringo.
bear down on the down on the.

hey mothafucka Im real as shit.
everything Im talkin bout real as real as shit.
aw yeah Im back in this bitch.
and you dont gotta like it but get off my off my.
hey mothafucka Im real as shit.
everything Im talkin bout real as shit.
aw yeah Im back in this bitch.
and you dont gotta like it but get off.

paradise.

chuch yeah.
now this that.
yeah yeah.

now this that SpottieOttieDopaliscious hella vicious.
i wonder where is this hold up.
get the fuck out my business show enough.
we roll up then load up.
just a bastard born out of wedlock.
close to the Earth like a dreadlock.
got my sites on deadlock.
visions of my enemy in a headlock.
feel like Im livin in Bedrock surrounded by rubble.
just a youngin in trouble.
took a shot and then made it a double.
took a shot and then made it a double.
this that food for thought my school aint taught me good.
no ingredients in my hood.
but a tablespoon of this baking soda.
gon make it good like it should.
thats ignant isnt it hold up wait.
now take a look at my pigment.
tell me again we can never be kin.
based on the color of my skin.
matter of fact your lips aint thin.
thats a club I dont wanna be in.
my DNA get done integrated.
my God its innovative.
thats a million miles away from administrative.
i fuckin hate it anyway.
long ago way back in the day in a place called West Deer Park.
i was like 5 sit in my mama lap while she would drive.
police would knock on the door I would hide.
then they would talk to me and I would lie.
hopin I dont die on this side of a 45.
then they would handcuff my mama and take her away.
over down on the driveway.
fast forward a couple of years and Im bumpin that Sade.
fast forward a couple of more and Im bumpin that My Way.
by Sinatra so high so high oh my God damn.
now Im a grown man oh man.
what the fuck done happened to the plan.
cause if I do theres another motherfucker.
wide awake on the creep tryna kill you and he will too.
we livin like civilized people but far from equal.
i hope I live a long life and get to see my sequel.
my son my seed watch him grow and then watch him lead.
let me proceed bumpin that Californication by the Red Hot.
fuck around and then hit em with a red dot.
yall better not me fuckin with me.
who him Yeah me I be the God MC.
follow me to paradise.
follow follow me.
follow me to paradise.
follow me to paradise.
follow follow me.
follow me to paradise.

i remember my life long ago in my adolescence.
i could feel the presence in my residence.
hesitant even thought it was evident.
i should get the fuck.
i know something is wrong.
yeah I know something is wrong.
feel like my mind gone.
i know I play along I might drown in this song.
huh Im so focused huh I know you know this.
uh when I make a move and feel like no one notice.
uh when I quit my job uh I fuckin noticed.
shit maybe then Im noticed huh but maybe not.
feel like this minimum wage is contagious.
so outrageous my age is on my mind.
walking to work and I go blind.
sippin on that KoolAid.
gettin big wig money thats toupée.
look around and see people with no class.
like snow on a school day.
yall cant do what I do do what I do.
starin out this window like like Erykah Badu.
livin life how I do is crazy.
this shit never amaze me.
but I still let it phase me and I dont know why.
all I know is my mind racing.
a million miles a minute the second Im in it.
yeah I be pacing bitch Im back again.
been here since way back when.
now let that shit begin yeah.
this album two but this song was written before the first.
my mind racing Im sick of pacing I feel the thirst.
of those around me that down me and pray on my demise.
but it only makes it that much better when I rise.

this for the people that been through it and couldnt do it.
had a vision but blew it while haters screaming I knew it.
this is real so real.
the type of shit that make you feel like you gotta kill.
most of these people will never hit fruition.
paying tuition when they shouldve just listened their intuition.
now they wishing they was switching up their lifestyle.
all alone with no one to dial.
im just a man I got problems.
understand this is all I ever wanted.
yes I do it for the fans and I aint perfect.
ive questioned if this life was even worth it.
cause all the people care about is what lies on the surface.
and my purpose is to do it like it aint never been done.
always keep it real and remember where Im from now.

this album two but this song was written before the first.
my mind racing Im sick of pacing I feel the thirst.
of those around me that down me and pray on my demise.
but it only makes it that much better when I.

perfect.
bitch I did it I made it Im loved and Im hated.
i started from the bottom now my neighborhood is gated.
they say Drink to your accomplishments so every night Im faded.
feel like every other day me and somebody new related.
well she fucking lied.
ayy wake up wake up get your cake up.
cut it up like its cocaine shake up.
all the streets with all these beats.
this is how I feel on the inside.
all you nontalent rappin motherfuckers better run and hide.
you worthless you have no purpose fuckin imposter.
you gots to get it through your head.
you wont ever get no handout.
my flow increased my dough increased.
you know I leave them all deceased.
i am a fucking beast Im from the East.
i keep the peace dont need a piece.
but I keep a piece got it capisce.
that boy gon eat this is a feast.
once I release Im smokin trees.
i bought my shit I dont need no lease.
this shit right here a masterpiece Im comin in hot like the police.
shooting my shot like the police.
logic cites Nujabes MF Doom RZA and Kanye West as key inspirations behind his production.

never Been.
cSick.
ive been workin like Ive never been.
i struggle every day but I just cant let the devil in.
and if I knew back then what I know right now.
what I know right now.
id be better than Ive ever been better than Ive ever been.

you ever wonder what it all really means.
heart full of dreams.
i know Ima do it go get it by any means.
serving food for the thought like its rock to the fiends.
i said this shit for years boy this life aint what it seems.
sayin that you cant just solidifies you never will.
said you would said you could but you aint got the skill.
you gotta climb the highest mountain to master the hill.
you gotta climb over your ego to master your will.
gave up on your dreams for a suit and a pension.
god damn I hope youre here for the intervention.
you say you would if you had the money.
dont make me mention.
it dont cost nothin but time for you to pay attention.
now dont get me wrong.
i know theres people out there hatin on ya.
and it feel like your selfesteem is breakin on ya.
all they ever seem to do is hate when you speak.
they spend seven days preyin on the weak.
i know the world sleepin on ya like a sedative.
talk all you want about me homie Ima let it live.
hater this hater that say I sound repetitive.
hatin in your blood you was born to be negative.
never been.
i struggle every day but I just cant let the devil in.
and if I knew back then what I know right now.
what I know right now.
id be better than Ive ever been better than Ive ever been.

this is dedicated to everyone that never made it.
and the people that persevered even though they was hated.
they had a dream and a vision that they follow like a religion.
but on the real the road to success is prone to collision.
and every now and then something happens thats unexpected.
like that newborn in your life cause you was fuckin unprotected.
and I swear nobody perfect hell I know I aint.
yeah I know this verse is heaven sent but Im far from a saint.
live a life with no complaints tryna do just what I can.
learn from my fathers mistakes and become a better man.
now plant a seed and watch em grow teach em everything I know.
show him how to fight his battles and always go toe to toe.
and this I know cause I been high low right wrong.
but I had to do it all just so I could write this song.
i spit knowledge like the listener is my only son.
and grip the mic like Im at war and its my only gun.
sometimes this journey to the top can be a lonely one.
yeah and this victory lap a lonely run.
while my hometown screamin you the chosen one.
tellin myself dont choke dont be the frozen one.
ive been workin like Ive never been.
i struggle every day but I just cant let the devil in.
and if I knew back then what I know right now.
what I know right now.
id be better than Ive ever been better than Ive ever been.
ive been workin like Ive never been.
i struggle every day but I just cant let the devil in.
and if I knew back then what I know right now.
what I know right now.
id be better than Ive ever been better than Ive ever been.
ive been workin like Ive never been.
i struggle every day but I just cant let the devil in.
and if I knew back then what I know right now.
id be better than Ive ever been better than Ive ever been.

um you like that take I like it.
yeah should I make it more surreal though or.
i think its good hey Bobby run.

i Am the Greatest.
i am the greatest.
i am the greatest.

fuck em I will never love em Im way up.
bitch you know I been above em I stay up.
steppin to me tryna talk it out.
knowing goddamn well.
there aint a fucking thing to talk about.
hol up bring it back now.
that aint no way to react now.
you was talking all that shit.
but where its at now huh Where its at.

motherfuckers get no love.
hol up wassup you get none.
like wassup motherfuckers get no love.
hol up from me like wassup.
motherfuckers get no love.
you Hol up wassup get none.
wassup motherfuckers get no love from me.
okay now what the fuck they talkin bout.
its like they never heard the words.
that came up out my mouth.
its like they just wanna discredit what Im all about.
i be in the studio the motherfuckers fallin out.
yeah you know we balling out peace and love.
i represent all of the above.
you fuck bitches and get money thats wassup.
its all good but all these people do not give a fuck.
and now I bet they bitchin cause my flow switchin.
tryna tell me what to write up on some fanfiction.
cant they just be happy I no longer have to face eviction.
that Im livin out my life.
im livin out my inner vision right now.
i be on my Big L braggadocios rap shit.
i could flow on anything from Premo to that trap shit.
sellin out shows Im on that shit.
late night dark night crowd going batshit.

motherfuckers get no love.
hol up wassup you get none.
like wassup motherfuckers get no love.
hol up from me like wassup.
motherfuckers get no love.
you Hol up wassup get none.
wassup motherfuckers get no love from me.
from me.
like wassup like wassup.
i am the.

the Return.
satisfy.
satisfy.
yeah yeah yeah.
satisfy this hungyou.
sinatra.
big Pepe.
satisfy.
oh you got the studio shoutout.
satisfy.
you feelin good about yourself right now huh.

hold up let me get up in it now.
bitch Im here to win it now.
lOGIC Im feeling free Im finna bring it now.
if you know the words take a step back and sing it now.
never thought Id have to but I keep the windows tinted now.
like ladidadi who got the keys to my Audi.
last time I said it went viral I dont fuck with nobody.
and I dont fuck with you you them her and him too.
cause dont none of yall know a fucking thing bout what I been through.
and all that superficial shit you love Im just not into.
and when it comes to gettin deep in this rap shit Ive been to.
like the pussy dont push me.
i aint no killer but you know the rest.
you think I caught the holy spirit how Im feelin blessed.
aint no contest at all this wack shit it just aint no test.
step and get laid to rest boy step and get laid to rest.
it aint no S on my chest but Im still gunnin.
while half of these motherfuckers still runnin.
ive earned everything Ive attained and they steal from him.
like goddamn Im the motherfuckin man.
used to call you a hater you a motherfuckin stan.
aint nobody built himself a brand like me.
i aint signed a shoe deal cause Im waitin for Nike.
to recognize all these youngins wanna be just like me.
cut the check for twenty million right now and we might see.
everybody rockin my kicks preachin positivity.
i get up I get up.
i get up when Im down had enough almost drowned.
when shit rough I get tough and when Im beaten to the ground.
i get up I get up.
i get up uh uh I get up uh uh.
i get up when Im down had enough almost drowned.
when shit rough I get tough and when Im beaten to the ground.
i get up I get up.
i get up uh uh I get up uh uh.
i get up.

never address me as Robert less its bout that Dinero.
far from a hero I aint never saved my hoes.
im not defined by these clothes and zeros.
it dont matter if you got six dollars or six figures on the creep.
cause in the end we all six feet deep.
meanwhile Ill be immortalized on this 6ix beat.
flashbacks of havin visions way back in GBurg.
every single one of my homies and me work.
cuttin had to get up out it make a hit forget about it.
youngin wit a dream but nobody gave a shit about it.
ten years later pick up a pen write a hit about it.
and back then I thought Id be defined by how good I rhyme.
not like these rappers with shit flows but look good online.
not made to feel bad for speakin bout this shit on my mind.
or called a faggot a nigger a cracker who wish he was blacker.
i wish I could face my homophobic racist attacker.
and smack the shit outta they ass as peaceful as possible.
its highly improbable its stoppable.
but still way too many people feel how I feel.
thats on the real on the real on the motherfuckin real.
i get up when Im down had enough almost drowned.
when shit rough I get tough and when Im beaten to the ground.
i get up I get up.
i get up uh uh I get up uh uh.
i get up when Im down had enough almost drowned.
when shit rough I get tough and when Im beaten to the ground.
i get up I get up.
i get up uh uh I get up uh uh.

ayo motherfuck a Trump said that shit on my last album but you wasnt tappin in.
fuck a mumble lets make America rap again.
industry dont give a fuck about rap or whats happenin.
fuck a hypebeast bitch now who seein me.
nobody reports the music this shit this rap TMZ.
nowadays everyone divided so I collided with headlines.
preach that go head boy now preach that.
wash my hands of this negativity word to Three Stacks.
so fresh so clean who the illest on the scene.
wuTang get the cream Sinatra gon reign supreme.
open your mental get out your feelins like dental.
this shit is consequential lightin a fire to the game.
can you rappers feel the flame Nah this shit wont be the same.
fuck a rap beef I promise I want all of yall to prosper.
but deep down you know its only gon be one Mufasa.
im the king fuck the bling but just might make you kiss the ring.
all these rappers I came up on I surpassed I know it sting now.
dont try to twist my words and turn that into some shit.
i love all you motherfuckers just want to hear you spit.
dropped my last shit the whole wide world applauded it.
game still aint give me my credits so Ima audit it.
im heartless like Kanye in 08.
yeah thats word to NO ID now they all know who I be.
im callin out JayZ to jump up on the track with me and smack the whole industry.
show em what that real rap do.
the balls in your court Hov I hope to hear from Guru.

let Me Go.
watch my back so I make sure.
youre right behind me as before.
yesterday the night before tomorrow.
dry my eyes so you wont know.
dry my eyes so I wont show.
i know youre right behind me.

dont you let me go let me go tonight.
dont you let me go let me go tonight.
dont you let me go let me go tonight.
dont you let me go let me go tonight.
dont you let me go let me go tonight.
dont you let me go let me go tonight.

yeah I know we seen a lot of shit whole time weve been together.
thought we knew it all but just couldnt predict the weather.
i think about you and imagine a house and some kids.
and wonder if you found another and its all his.
see baby girl I know you love me even through the lies.
cause honesty and truth is always found within your eyes.
sometimes I see you when you love it but you fear it.
cause you try your hardest to run.
but still feel me in your spirit baby girl I know you hear it.
my heart is calling for you tonight.
and even though the time is wrong I know the love is right.
thats why theres so much emotion whenever I recite.
anything about this angel that lost its sight.
baby you were my everything but you playin games.
fucking around got me feeling like blowin my brains.
but you aint worth the satisfaction.
cause all you do is speak of love but never lead to action.
i used to count the days with you but now I just subtract them.
dont you let me go let me go tonight.
dont you let me go let me go tonight.
dont you let me go let me go tonight.
dont you let me go let me go tonight.
dont you let me go let me go tonight.
dont you let me go let me go tonight.

you were my best friend but then you out me.
i never gave you a reason not to trust me but then you doubt me.
so in the end it only shows that you dont give a fuck about me.
i know you hearing the emotion thats deep within this letter.
but I dont give a shit about what you think.
i write it so that the people can feel better.
that have gone through what Ive gone through.
memories of a perfect love thats broken and haunt you.
and if you think I write this song to taunt you.
i dont want you.
i want the memory of who you were.
and what it was to wake up everyday.
and have an endless love with an angel from up above.
but now it would seem my baby girl has fallen.
and another path within my life is calling.
even my music and when you left me I didnt lose it.
i channeled deep within my emotions and used it.
my heart you broke it and bruised it.
so now I address this microphone and just ooze it.
dont you let me go let me go tonight.
dont you let me go let me go tonight.
dont you let me go let me go tonight.
dont you let me go let me go tonight.
dont you let me go let me go tonight.
dont you let me go let me go tonight.

watch my back so I make sure.
youre right behind me as before.
yesterday the night before tomorrow.
dry my eyes so you wont know.
dry my eyes so I wont show.
i know youre right behind.

innermission.
sometimes I fantasize about traveling space and time.
i think about specific moments that I could rewind.
not to redo it but relive it I could give it one more go abide.
and truly understand the deeper things.
that I dont know about.
now take a trip with me and vibe.
im on this interstellar mission is you down to ride.
hold up I know this innermission feeling like the tribe.
life is beautiful Im so lucky to be alive.
im gonna take this moment right now.
here and school them people.
i know deep in my heart everyone is created equal.
i truly wish that I could see the sequel of our people.
truly wish that I could check it uh yeah.
now when I hit the road and tour the world.
i see life different like this music shit just aint the world.
brothers and sisters from different mothers and misters.
all different colors and creeds all come together for me.
boy Im blessed to be free uh.

this is our time.
still Im looking back let me rewind.
this is our ride.
dont let me lose my faith let me rewind.
doing 70 on this highway.
on the front of this bus Im bustin my mind open.
hopin these lyrics will keep me copin.
on the grind like copin no time to bring the dope in.
but this Nyquil got me feeling lit.
its been like 3 months since Ive been home.
sometimes it feel like forever just how long I been gone.
yeah you know thats the shit that I been on.
you know I love it feel like theres never enough of it.
let me bring em back.
chilling watching Tarantino we know Ive been on it forever.
my endeavor like a feature film.
step into the realm of the realest do you feel this.
im in it my limit the chillest.
let me bring em back yo.
yeah I woke up early on my born 25 its a blessing.
progression everyday lessons got me stressing.
but Im testing reminiscing.
when I would listen to my intuition.
and now I made it resurrecting.
young Sinatra I created Im elated.
it seem like everyones somehow related.
letters back and forth from my homie.
thats locked up in prison.
doing 14 its been 5 I know my hearts with him.
ive been so busy it feel like forever since I hit him man.
i think about how I wasnt shit when he went in.
what if the tables was turned.
and I was the one that been in damn.
he said hes seen me in the magazine.
he said hes seen me on Fallon and Kimmel.
thats been my dog from the kennel.
i never thought that out the millions watching he was one.
it makes me reminisce about the times when we begun.
skipping class with all of my homies on a constant search for who I was.
i rarely went to school they wonder why and thats because.
my situation at home was alcoholics and drugs.
i never graduated but I made it to the summit.
dont get me wrong so many times I thought that I would plummet.
felt like I didnt have the heart and couldnt seem to stomach.
all of the beef around my way I mean I never wanted.
to live a life where all youre truly living is a lie.
i knew I always wanted more and so they wonder why.
i said they wonder why.
this is our time.
still Im looking back let me rewind.
this is our ride.
dont let me lose my faith let me rewind.

so what do you think about space.
um space is called the galaxy.
do you know planets.
what arecan you name some planets off.
yeah theres a one named Saturn and Earth.
marsand the planet Paradise.
youve never been there before.
um no I was little a long time ago with my mom riding in the coolest ship My TV showed us where we are in space.
but there was droid ships everywhere.
well thank you for your time sir.
i appreciate the.

aight orhigher probably right.
fuck it just record it Who cares.
one two.

i just wanna make these music lovers remember again.
while the haters fall back like September again.
i was hoping 3 Stacks and Big would assemble again.
drop the politics and bring us together again.
maybe if I go platinum theyll remember me then.
maybe if I go platinum theyll remember me then yeah.
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah.
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah.
but Im not defined by the sales of my first week.
cause in my mind the only way I fail if my verse weak.
as I look in the crowd and see thousands of different faces.
compiled of different races gathering from different places.
i just contemplate shout out to those who can relate.
and even though it gets hard I know my fate.
with my train of thought racing like a runaway freight.
living life to the fullest until I hit up them gates its like.

ima get up today.
i dont know how but Ima find a way.
looking for the sun in a world of gray.
feeling like my dream is a world away.
ima get up today.
i dont know how but Ima find a way.
searching for the sun in a world of gray.
feeling like my dream is a world away.
what it feel like.
i used to wonder what it feel like.
yeah used to wonder what it.
i used to wonder what it feel like.
but now I know achieved the goal.
i ran the race I won the gold.
i used to wonder what it feel like.
but now I know achieved the goal.
i ran the race I won the gold.
i used to wonder what it feel like.
but now I know achieved the goal.
i ran the race I won the gold.
i used to wonder what it feel like.
but now I know achieved the goal.
i ran the race I won the gold.
i used to wonder what it feel like.

you can really do anything.
you can really do anything.
you can really do anything.
you can really do anything.
hello Welcome to the Under Pressure program.
my name is Thalia I will be here to assist you with the information about the album and its creation.

contra.
yeah yeah.
the tunes on here That shit sound good.
bryson gotta hurry up and send me this verse.
yeah yeah yeah.

everything Im given now.
everyone showin up where was you in the beginnin.
only come around and fuck with me when the boy winnin.
you do not know a thing about this life that Im livin.
everything Im given now.
bobby tell me who really bout it.
bitch I doubt it not a single person work harder than Bobby.
just wrote a novel starrin in a movie.
built another business while you at the party.
aint one to flex but yeah Im finna flex.
i just parked that new i8 right next to the Audi.
copped that GWagon right there for my shawty.
yeah now they know the name yeah they know Bobby.

yeah get it like get it like get it like get it like me nah.
handout palm up you cannot get this shit here for free nah.
bobby done put in that work you gon pay me a fee nah.
i said Bobby been livin that life and you know I said.

everything Im given now.
everyone showin up where was you in the beginnin.
only come around and fuck with me when the boy winnin.
you do not know a thing about this life that Im livin.
everything Im given now.
let that bitch breathe.
most of these people cant never ever comprehend all the shit that Ive seen.
i am polite than a mothafucka but when I grip that mic I get mean.
come now you know what I mean.
pepe done got the boy lean.
yeah you could doubt me say what you want bout me.
but I am a rappin machine.
i do this shit for the team shit for the squad.
im livin the dream yes I am livin the dream.
hold up wait up just cant believe.
just cant believe that my swag is on another level.
yeah I keep it G.
matter of fact I keep it I keep it I keep it I keep it M.
turn that shit upside down now its a W.
no no aint nobody fuckin with him.
dont matter who come stand next to me.
once Im surrounded aint nobody fuckin with them.
i am the best of the best of the best.
of the best of the best of the best like Men In Black.
greatest alive bitch Ive been that.
if you dont agree you get kidnapped.
bitch slapped thrown back like woo.

yeah get it like get it like get it like get it like me nah.
handout palm up you cannot get this shit here for free nah.
bobby done put in that work you gon pay me a fee nah.
i said Bobby been livin that life and you know I said.
everything Im given now.
everyone showin up where was you in the beginnin.
only come around and fuck with me when the boy winnin.
you do not know a thing about this life that Im livin.
everything Im given.

upgrade.

aye let me just rap.

ive upgraded while theyve waited.
will they love it Will they hate it.
never faded I evade it.
cause I never really want to complicate it.
think Ive made it yes I did.
im giving them bars like a bid.
let me rewind it like a vid.
did he just say that Yes I did.
and they really wanna get it like I live.
god damn mother fucker what I gotta give.
way back in DC at Liv.
on the way to that everlasting life.
will they rob you Yeah they might.
hold up wait a minute veer to the right.
on this road to success Ive faced my fears.
then hop on that flight.

ive upgraded.
ive upgraded.
ive upgraded.
ive upgraded.
ive upgraded.
my bitch bad got a sick figure.
play 1 show and get 6 figures.
we build bigger money tall as a mountain bitch.
ive got Hilfigers like goddamn.
yes sir I know who I am.
im that main man Martin out here kicking out Pam.
just riding round with my Gina in that allblack Beamer.
all the way from Maryland whipping out West Covina.
hold up now check my demeanor.
yeah your girl bad my girl meaner.
ive upgraded.

ive got the Akira on the wall.
i just cant follow their law.
swear to God that they know me.
they dont know me at all.
and its all right its alright.
ive upgraded.

let me bring in them new kicks like Timbaland.
i gotta reboot with this upgrade.
my metaphors on Cloud 9.
and the meaning behind them is so vague.
before I created this universe.
i had to fly through the Bermuda first.
6ix on the beat then we queue the verse.
now Im in another world when the flow emerge.
feel like Im in a Fifth Element.
im in my element lost in paradise.
its me you and Leeloo Korben Dallas in Fhloston Paradise.
never by chance like a pair of dice.
i dont give a fuck about their advice.
im on another planet no Im not manic.
bitch Im decompressed know they cant stand it.
cause I pilot it and manned it the best.
all they demanded was I gave up and laid that dream to rest.
i left Earth ages ago to avoid and duck all that shit.
you know when we on.
making music thats gon survive for eons.
bloodshed from America to Sierra Leone.
thats that shit I cant be on thats the reason I be gone.
yes I keep it professional like Luc Besson and Leon.
ive upgraded.
ive upgraded.
ive upgraded.
ive upgraded.
ive.

gP4.
watch.
watch.
yall niggas overdoin it.
you gotta slow that shit down.
niggas aint got money aint got time.
fuck it just say this shit.

you and me.
i can hear em callin me.
you and me.
i can hear em callin me.

live by the beat I die by the beat like MPC Akai.
who I name William after cause I get bills from these beats.
fuck the industry you know we keepin it real up in these streets.
came up in a world thats off its axis.
all thats promised death and taxes.
dont give a fuck who be rhyming the fastest my anxiety.
make me spit it a mile a minute.
im stuck in a clinic like Flynn Montgomery.
take a step back tell me right now boy just what your summary.
creeping through fireside.
smash the window of that fire ride.
just to see what we can snatch from up inside.
til the flashin lights come round that corner then we run and hide.
prayin to God up in Heaven eleven at night and I got no alibi.
my damn dip to Stewart Town.
best not come round these parts if you new in town.
wonder what my homies from back in the day livin at are doin now.
running with my sister Jeannie schooling me like Mr Feeny.
this is the first time I heard a gunshot on the block.
here come the cops.
shooting up the hood like Black Ops.
cause triggerhappy police tend to trigger happy people.
and some people who believe we not equal shoot up the steeple.
my God if you exist then why do you make life so hard.
if you exist the way you think is avantgarde.
if you exist you got a funny way of showing it.
what happens in the afterlife.
these people think they knowin shit.
and on that note I keep it G.
like track four Kick in the Door by Notorious BIG.
dont believe me look that shit up I promise youll find the key.
to that punchline feelin just fine.
let the abyss of my mind my mind consume.
snap my fingers like Thanos and Bobby Boy bringin the doom.
cause Im 630 killin shit hands down and dirty.
that white boy cant rap he talk good and act nerdy.
i just texted Erykah Badu.
to let her know what Im gon do.
sample Dreamflower by Tarika Blue.
thats cool with you.
yeah thats fine baby all gravy.
long as you know you my baby.
and I beat yo daddy like if he ever cheat on me.
i mean she dont own the sample but she might as well.
cause her and Dilla paved the way for all I got and well.
ima show my gratitude no attitude no autotune like TPain.
doin Unplugged Im unplugged like Trinity.
wonder how the people gonna remember me goddamn.
switch up the plan.
we all say it we all claim it but its no use.
the greatest rapper alive is probably stacking produce.
introduce you to my train of thought.
snapping on a track like the illest conductor.
with no contradiction.
i brought my heart to the table.
fact and never fiction fuck a fable.
ready and willing you better believe Im able to spit.
power through these lines faster than fiberoptic cable Im gone.
you and me.
i can hear em callin me.
you and me.
i can hear em callin me.

watch.
from the bottom.
when you come from the bottom you aint get no chances man.
nigga fuck it we high.
i remember when a nigga had to ask for money.
this shit aint free.
i got the roof over my head and a bed nigga my bitch givin me head.
id rather get money instead.
man its Bobby Boy Records in this bitch.
cause 10 years from now we on top.
and we aint never gon stop.
this album marks the reunion of Logic and No ID.
for the first time in six years.
since the inception of its.

welcome to Forever.
this is real life the only one we get to live.
i remember being broke and thinking something gotta give.
this is real life everything we do is legendary.
and we gon do it to the day we in the cemetery.
real life it feel like Im dreaming.
used to feel like I was nothin now my life has meaning.
said this is real life goddamn this is real life.

uh yeah Ive been fiending for this moment.
ive been dreaming bout this moment.
i guess this is how it feel to have everything you ever wanted.
writin these records like a dissertation.
while the fans goin crazy from anticipation.
damn nine years thats a lot of patience.
and now Im lookin at my idols and feeling adjacent.
its hell of a long way from back in the basement.
lookin at hiphop tryna find my placement.
i bought my first pair of Jordans at twentytwo huh.
same year I bought a crib too.
now my face in magazines I used to flip through.
and my music on all the sites I used to sift through.
remember meetin Nas for the first time.
shook his hand and he started quotin my lines.
said he a fan goddamn this is my time.
ima get it Ima do it til we prime time.
yeah I told him every single day that I be at it.
in the studio recording like an addict.
he said that real hiphop shit I had it.
thinkin to myself Damn man you made Illmatic.
this is real life the only one we get to live.
i remember being broke and thinking somethins gotta give.
this is real life everything we do is legendary.
and we gon do it to the day we in the cemetery.
real life it feel like Im dreaming.
used to feel like I was nothin now my life has meanin.
said this is real life goddamn this is real life.
i used to wonder what it feel like.

aight I guess we back again.
with another verse about how much Im black again.
you dont like it Blame God for the packaging.
bringin up my race dont call me a white rapper then.
damn they judgin me by my skin tone.
instead of my talent man these motherfuckers been wrong.
but its all good I just thought Id address it.
and spell it out for people so they can finally assess it.
this is dedicated to anyone wit a dream.
and a realization of what followin it means.
breakin the cycle and not following your genes.
that perfect moment when your logic intervenes.
and let you know that everything aint always what it seems.
but if you really lookin I promise youll find your dreams.
this is everything I ever wanted half of yall wont get it.
the other half will probably laugh and wonder how I did it.
i just spit it from my mind one word at the time.
take everything Im going through and put it in a rhyme.
id be lying if I said I didnt have a lot of weight upon my shoulders.
but this is my therapy as I flow this.
spilling out my heart I just hope somebody notice.
ive been real from the start and you motherfuckers know this.
once my name elevated thats when the fame escalated.
but on the real Ive grown accustomed to the stares.
people watching every move I make like it was theirs.
all up in my business and even in my personal affairs.
now I know I talk a lot of game but I aint tryna sell you.
cause honestly I could show you better than I could tell you.
and even though theres been moments when everything have fell through.
we kept it moving assumin even the greatest fail too.
i swear this business shit is do or die.
i never contemplated suicide Im too alive.
in front of thousands but Im talking like its you and I.
and everyday fewer find their dreams because fewer try.
this is real life the only one we get to live.
i remember being broke and thinking somethins gotta give.
this is real life everything we do is legendary.
and we gon do it to the day we in the cemetery.
real life it feel like Im dreaming.
used to feel like I was nothin now my life has meaning.
said this is real life goddamn this is real life.
i used to wonder what it feel like.

everything I seen made me everything I am.
everything I do Im a man behind mine.
throw your hands in the air stand behind mine.
everything I seen made me everything I am.
stand behind mine.
everything I do Im a man behind mine.

said welcome to forever.
welcome to forever.
welcome to.

dead Presidents III.

logic this Logic that.
logic sick Logic wack.
logic just dont give a fuck.
rattPack.

so many people think that rap is they calling stop it just cease.
got it capiche This is my house you fuckers just lease.
waitin on a record deal thats never coming like a priest.
black and white like a nun.
these upandcomers our sun like the break of dawn.
so follow your father like an apostle.
paint pictures like a Picasso while bitches uncover my fossil.
never knowing whats gon follow.
however we never wallow in our sorrow.
just pray for tomorrow.
at times my heart could be hollow.
emotions forced to be swallowed.
while neighborhood cats blast off gats like the Apollo.
this is just a simple reminder as my lyrics force you to ponder.
lifes a bitch and I heard shell fuck you.
so Im trying to find her.
one moment shell love you then swallow.
you whole like an anaconda.
the bitch is kinky kind of so with the lift of a pinky.
ima dominate the world like my name is Brain.
spit flame like propane.
bitches I overcame you know the name.
ink in my veins in flames and spew on the page.
to numb the pain like Novocaine motherfucker.
im out for dead fucking presidents to represent me.
im out for dead fucking presidents to represent me.

allow me to kill it off the brake like no traffic.
murderin every demographic.
paint a picture using only blood to make sure that its graphic.
grip the mic to set the example.
while all these muhfuckers testin my patience like blood samples.
constant thoughts of suicide we live in an era thats do or die.
society expects us to fail Im talking about you and I.
but we persevere force feed enemies truth serum.
we want nothing but peace and if not we leave em deceased.
in your central nervous system like heroin reppin Maryland to the fullest.
bustin like bullets that travel through chambers ignited by triggers dont pull it.
i get from point A to point B by keeping it G.
aint no killer but dont push me.
if you grab the heat you a pussy.
knuckle up and tell me how you feel forget the steel.
i have not a single enemy.
only evil entities that have some how befriended me in they mind.
cause I am just a mortal man of peace that can rhyme.
and when it comes to dames I catch planes.
they catch feelings.
haters keep my name in they mouth like fillings.
high as the ceiling.
yall really dont know who your dealing with now.
visions of livin until my flesh is perished and my spirit is risen.
thankful for every breath Im givin.
fuck social division.
on the road to success and there aint no time for collision.
people ask how you get your flow so amazing.
to which I reply I have yet to scratch the surface like abrasions.
haters takin shots but they never graze him.
now if pro is the opposite of con.
whats the opposite of progress.
i love my country but that shit a mess.
grew up on section 8 I can attest.
and now they wonder why I claim that Im the fucking best.
im out for dead fucking presidents to represent me.
im out for dead fucking presidents to represent me.
now if I dont believe it yall wont perceive it.
now run it back and retrieve it.
till you receive it in your motherfuckin mind.
only 22 but I feel like Im 99.
back in 1999 thats when I began to rhyme.
surrounded by narcotics and crime but you know I shine.
daddy was smoking crack I was raised by a single mom.
fasting every night I aint talking bout no Ramadan.
i was poor as fuck me and my mama we didnt have a dime.
at 16 the school system dismissed him and wished him well.
but my mama never fought it how the fuck could I prevail.
so I focused on this music and used it to create a life of my own.
i left home at 17.
shortly after my mama got stabbed by fucking around in the streets.
but she still breathin which gives me a reason to believe in a higher power instead of grieving.
so many rappers biting me you would think they was teething.
and now you know this is just a sugar coated version within a fraction of a percentage that was taken from just a piece of my.

wassup.
im like Whats up ho Where you been What you know about.
oh no Who let em in Ima show em out.
never know whos really down or just down and out.
never know whos really down.
iIIIIm like Whats up ho Where you been What you know about.
oh no Who let em in Ima show em out.
never know whos really down or just down and out.
never know whos really down IIIIIm like.

bitch Im the one I consistently prove.
i hit a groove that they cant undo.
and over the years all I did was improve.
don Life toss dice.
on on my off night I left the doubts and now Im alright.
yeah Im a new me they havent seen this shit like Vader wearing all white.
like I detonate you hold it down I levitate.
i like a woman thats allnatural.
a young nigga thats tryna innovate.
i been that way since Em and Jay did Renegade.
you niggas hold up dont get no closer.
i try and told ya bitch we the closest.
high powers chose us we never froze up.
how many times that shit work None.
perform at Sun Daze til its time to rapture.
sean Don and Logic instant classic.
im like Wassup ho Where you been What you know about.
oh no Who let em in Ima show em out.
never know whos really down or just down and out.
never know whos really down.
iIIIIm like Wassup ho Where you been What you know about.
oh no Who let em in Ima show em out.
never know whos really down or just down and out.
never know whos really down IIIIIm like.

im finna tell it like it is.
game in a headlock like Stizz.
everybody know the deal yeah that boyhe keep it real.
higher than ever with no pill.
i just updated my old deal.
told Def Jam no less than 20 miland they cut that shit.
yeah I been at it like Wassup bitch.
put ya favorite rapper deep in a ditch.
ya favorite producer get murdered by 6ix.
we touring the world from Japan to The Six.
nah tryna get paid in full call me syre like Jaden fool.
yeah thats the power I feel.
i got so much in the bank.
that I just called my lawyer to work on my will.
hold up wait a second chill.
hold up wait a second chill.
uh I mean to Maryland DC Virginia.
what J Cole he mean to the Ville.
uh dont do this shit for the thrill.
uh I am coming for the kill.
tell me how you want it gotta pedal to the metal.
im a gunner like a semiautomatic Im bringin the static.
i had it I had to get a unhooked like an addict.
and yeah Im glad that it went the way it did.
never thought the radio would play the kid.
they never care til you make it big.
now they say triple platinum.
fingerfuck the people said that never would happen.
came a long way from the trap.
where they was cookin up crack.
im still here RattPack keep it real here.
big boy money Uncle Phil here.
only Fresh Prints in my pocket.
i came from nothin no hater can stop it.
only the illest you know that I got it.
sean Don and Logic yeah.
im like Wassup ho Where you been What you know about.
oh no Who let em in Ima show em out.
never know whos really down or just down and out.
never know whos really down.
iIIIIm like Wassup ho Where you been What you know about.
oh no Who let em in Ima show em out.
never know whos really down or just down and out.
never know whos really down IIIIIm.

dear God.
dear God Im tryin hard to reach you.
dear God I see your face in all I do.
sometimes its so hard to believe in.

dear God I think its time we had a conversation.
these lonely nights is getting to me so my mind is racin.
i think about this life I live and all the shit Im facin.
more secrets in my mind than a Freemason.
i get lonely at times and then I write these rhymes.
im only human I want to hit the club and fuck a dime.
but I know thats not the answer to my problems.
lord help me solve them disintegrate and dissolve em.
layin in bed with a girl Im pretty sure is my next.
contemplating the sex while I think about my ex.
am I wrong Yeah.
dear God tell me am I wrong.
for livin the life of a king surrounded by these pawns.
fans telling me Im the greatest but I never hear em.
cause I aint hit the pinnacle yeah Im still persevering.
demons whispering in my ears but no I never fear em.
people thinking they on his level they aint even near em.
i just want to spread positivity through lyrical ability.
they call it selling out but I just call it versatility yeah.
its my life my wrongs and my rights.
my battle my songs and my fights.
now everybody wanna come around.
tell me where was you last year when a brother was down.
not a single one of you motherfuckers believed in the brand.
extended a hand and now you wanna be my man.
i think not you quick to shape shift like ink blots.
the real Dilla we cut classic no fitters.
what about the time I was nine and my mama almost murdered me.
dont think I forgot that shit it still burdens me.
her bare hands tight around my throat.
i cant breathe I screamed I cant breathe Mama.
dont you want me Mama Dont you love me Mama What the fuck.
where was you then God Tell me now.
hows a brother supposed to stay sane Tell me how.
why you let me live but let another die.
why you dry my tears but let another cry Gotta know.
set to detonate I gotta blow that shit fo sho.
i used to wonder why in the hell you would make me suffer.
but now in the end I understand that it made me tougher.
i get up when Im down had enough almost drowned.
when shit rough I get tough and when Im beaten to the ground.
i get up yeah.
i get up yeah yeah.
i get up when Im down had enough almost drowned.
when shit rough I get tough and when Im beaten to the ground.
i get up yeah.
i get up I get up.
get.

confess.
i want what I want how I want when I want it.
ima keep it a hunnid Im blunted.
i dont give a damn I dont give a fuck about another man.
fuck a brother man.
ima make it make it rain like the weather man.
old girl shoulda shoulda got a better man.
ass fat lookin good in my letterman.
in the hood Im a better man.
wish a mothafucka would would.
whole life I been up to no good.
change it all if I could.
rearrange my heart the beat good but I cant.
im a sinner not a saint.
layers to my life no I cant.
cover it up with paint.
keep on livin livin.
livin on money and women.
as soon as Im in em Im out.
now the truth never come out my mouth.
speak life when I come in her mouth like.

im a dirty mothafucka a waste of life a waste of skin.
wanna repent dont know where to begin.
next of kin dont give a damn bout me.
i know God dont give a damn bout me.
people try but dont know bout me.
but the Devil said that he want my soul.
but the Devil said that he want my soul.
give it to me right now.
give it to me right now.
give it to me right now.
give it to me right now.
somebody save me.
i need you to save me.
to wash away my sins on high.

id rather be a different man in another world.
than work for the man in my universe.
wonder what it feel like to take flight.
momma told me everything gon be alright.
i mean my life cant be off right.
but come to think about it.
everybody runnin the world seem to be all white.
can you mothafuckas see alright.
i mean I need it I want it I gotta have it.
every day tragic.
if youre from where Im from everyday aint magic.
on this I know.
i been telling everybody Ima give it a go I know.
i been there before feel it in my soul oh I know.
love it or hate it I made it.
i did it I lived it.
while the whole world lookin at the boy like whoa.
baptized in a ocean of Hennessey.
really wonder what the remedy.
tell me how the world gon remember me.
got me feelin like the enemy.
like I aint got no energy.
i been lookin for an entity.
feelin like I need to chill like I need a new amenity.
fuck all that.
im a dirty mothafucka a waste of life.
a waste of skin.
wanna repent dont know where to begin.
next of kin dont give a damn bout me.
i know God dont give a damn bout me.
people try but dont know bout me.
but the Devil said that he want my soul.
but the Devil said that he want my soul.
give it to me right now.
give it to me right now.
give it to me right now.
give it to me right now.

somebody save me.
i need you to save me.
to wash away my sins on high.

i know my life was lived the wrong way.
i know I did you wrong in my own way.
but it was the flashing lights that mesmerized.
that hypnotized the only.
part of me you loved.
part of me that had the strength to rise above.
part of me you know.
part of me you love more than to let it go.
dear God I just wanna know why.
why do you put us here.
why do you put us below.
why do you put us subservient.
why do you put us below these evil motherfuckers.
and then we crawl and we scratch our way out.
we betray each other.
we lie we take from one another.
and we told you gon forgive us at the end.
but the state dont forgive us.
im locked up and half my friends.
and then when I get out or I make it out.
im expected to somehow give back.
to people who never wanted to see me escape.
im startin to hate the man in the mirror.
and its gettin clearer.
that society was designed to keep me on the bottom.
so if you real if youre out there for real.
please explain to me why.
why do we suffer Why do we die.
and why do the people.
who go against everything you ever said always get ahead.
ive done so much wrong I dont know if I can ever be right.
but tonight I am in this church.
asking you to show yourself to reveal yourself to me.
because Im tired and I dont know what else to do.
so black Im blue so brown Im down.
i done been everywhere but up and when I finally get up.
i am ravaged with guilt and pain and shame.
and all I wanna do is believe in you.
the darker you are the closer you are to dirt.
and they make sure it hurts.
and I am tired of hurtin man.
im tired of bein looked at second guessed doubted feared.
so if you out there do something about this.
cause I cant take it no more.
help.

nasty.
nasty.
i dont ever stop Ugh.
sinatra.
yeah yeah.
yeah yeah.
cannon.

its funny how your role model gets outdated becomes the old model.
at the hotel askin for mo bottles.
ménage et plus one Im fuckin fo models.
wordplay that elevates minds like Aristotle.
murcilago whippin through Chicago.
all these beautiful women follow wherever I go.
milliondollar deals on the table.
just a couple years ago I couldnt pay for cable.
growing up surrounded by caine like I was Abel.
shit was unstable now Visionarys the label.
plus Def Jam know who I am.
now Im on a level that your elevator cant reach.
i got information that the school system doesnt teach.
i got verses that your Sunday service wouldnt dare to preach.
second coming of Christ flow they like whoa.
rapture you with lyricism kidnap your soul.
and changed your mind like Im penetrating your skull.
i seen shit John Lennon couldnt imagine.
just me and a mic on a main stage spazzin.
its the type of shit normal people cant even fathom.
so much swag kiss your bitch and she orgasm.
im hazardous you would have sworn I was from Nazareth.
im resurrecting hiphop like it was Lazarus.
real.
nasty all all the time.

step to the mic and they gon dread it like Weezy.
man this industry is so damn greasy.
swaggin on the track they say I sound like Yeezy.
but I dont give a fuck cause gettin money too easy.
21st century doing something mean to it.
play this in the south and everybody gonna lean to it.
greatest of all time has got a nice ring to it.
we do it for the music money aint a thing to us.
been shining muhfucka whats bling to us.
most loved most hated at the same time.
star player in this bitch and its game time.
who you know lyrically killed the club in the same rhyme.
they call me Logic motherfucker better know the name.
we never dumb it down you know we just numb it down.
and watch you get up in your feelings when we come around.
grew up on section 8 you probably cant relate.
cause yall just watched the throne Im tryna checkmate.
i been shinin since before I brought them diamonds in and.
they talk that shit they talk that shit its so astonishin.
yall better swallow that pride like a klonopin.
cause I can lay tracks with my eyes closed China man.
real.
nasty all all the time.

got a show in LA Sunday then New York Monday.
looking at the BET cypher like Ill be there one day.
its the Roc reincarnated we call it Visionary.
fuck the world til Im on top we call that missionary.
the games on pause it need to load again.
these rappers is reruns and we need a new episode again.
yeah well motherfucker this the pilot.
so fly I recorded this on the PJ next to the pilot on a CB.
now you see me on the TV.
said this would happen back in the day but you aint believe me.
so um Ima keep rising to the top.
never stop and finger fuck the world till the day my album.

no Pressure.
welcome to the No Pressure program.
good evening this is Logic.
and very happy I am to be back in the United States and back on the network.
even for so short a visit as this one.
back with old friends like No ID who is tonights director and.
nobody argued the point a lot of people asked us to do it again so its gratifying to get the chance us to do it again.
personally Ive never met anybody who didnt like The Incredible True Story.
now tonight what we do have is a thriller.
if its half as good as we think it is you can call it a classic.
quite possibly a little escapade of mine involving a couple of planets which shall be nameless.
is responsible.
doesnt really matter.
a story doesnt have to appeal to the heart it can also appeal to the spine.
and with two magic words.

ayy no pressure.
never graduated but I school em like professor.
growing up the world always told me I was lesser.
growing up the world told me I could not address her.
gangsters put that heat to your head like a hairdresser.
if you press a issue on they block.
i hear youre planning world domination through a new form of Metal Gear.
this liquor that Im drinking got me thinking bout some other shit.
feeling like Im sinking like Titanic or some other ship.
word to your mothership boy this that gutter shit.
breaking down the weed to get high as Thomas and Kai.
but yall aint ready for that shit thats more like Ultra 85.
memories of powdered milk and roaches in my cereal.
praying that my crew next like cotton material.
never had a car thats why I hate the fuckin bus.
took the 61 to Germantown and hear them guns bust.
call it static my headphones on its Illmatic.
on my Rosa Parks in the back writin like BRabbit.
how I carry it murder the beat and then Ima bury it.
producin tracks for the underground like Harriet.
drop another number one and watch em all get mad again.
memorizing verses like the Vatican Im glad again.
empty the clip and then do that again.
and now we ridin round the city on a dollar twentyfive.
boy you better keep your head down if you wanna stay alive.
people telling you to stay in your lane cant even drive.
tell you not to chase your dreams cause they chained to a ninetofive.
bitch Im too alive like twins in the womb come hither consume.
all of my memories from past and present like two identities.
logic fallin off is an obscenity.
top five I better be steadily.
doggin these bitches like Im a Pedigree.
obtain class with no degree.
fuck a GED EBT and the HOC.
feeling free yeah Im feeling free.
but it cost a fee to be the boss it cost to be.
over possessions like an apostrophe.
its chemical warfare on the block who got the rock.
a tablespoon of baking soda leave you shellshocked.
leave the pusher in a cell block and his customer in a box.
the government got my pops.
the government cant be stopped.
im a gladiator this shit right here more like random thought.
its more like.
we interrupt this transmission with a special.

mama  Show Love.

mama look at me now.

i got the juice coming for you and Im bringing the noose.
leaving em hanging my shit banging.
second that I came in the game Im aiming.
hold up wait a minute break it down for the laymen.
im killin everybody Im the MC that the MCs study.
save yo money dont think about a Beamer.
til ya sellin out arenas and youre ballin like a.
ballinballinballinballin.
everybody wonder what it be like.
now it what it seem like now it what it dream like.
go like green light somethin what a fiend like.
do it for the drug and we do it for the love.
and we do it for the high that we get when we ride in the whip.
and somebody pull up on you and they vibevibevibing your shit.

mama look what you created now Im super faded.
and Im truly hated cause Im real rich.
but she too elated cause she knew we made it.
got the Louis sueded on some trill shit.
i be coolin nigga making stupid figures.
but the truth is realer than the fake shit.
know they shoot to kill us and produce the triggers.
i go two gorillas on some BAPE shit.
look at all the fame and the fortune the pain and extortion.
the Range and the Porsches the same but its gorgeous.
mama called me said your name on the Forbes list.
thank God your daddy never paid for abortion.
but sharing clothes good times Ima cherish those.
now Im stuck doing Paris shows.
embarrass hoes on carousels Im careless though.

mama look at me now.

ayy Im the one thats where youre from.
they get it done Im killing them without a gun.
take it in rake it in like a leaf from a money tree.
keep it goin keep it goin get the money get the money.
when its sunny cause when them clouds come.
i can promise its depression.
thats when you learn your lesson.
thought you was cut out for this your profession.
go be the best and all of that nah fuck all of that.
no one call him back yeah no falling back.
breaking down on stage break it down the page.
breaking down your age.
like like now all you do is compare compare compare Comparing yourself to the world.
and you losing yourself to the world.
and youre losing yourself to your money your fame and your fans.
spend all your money on bullshit and drama.
had zeros and zeros and commas on commas.


ayy ayy bitch get the fuck off my dick.
everybody ready Ima talk my shit.
put him on my back and then I walk my shit.
fuck around flick my wrist get it like this.
i got more plaques than I know what to do with.
believed in myself when nobody else knew it.
goddamn I been through it.
goddamn I been through it.
you aint got class bitch you been truant.
i am the truest no need to ask.
back it up girl now back that ass.
bobby get bitches cause bitches love Bobby.
and all of the bitches say Bobby delicious.
to say I love bitches completely fictitious.

cause I I respect women.
but lets be real man theres some bad bitches out there.

man Im just playing.
chiefin the reefer dont know what Im saying.
shoutout that boy Gambino shoutout that boy K Dot.
shoutout that boy young Drizzy all yall been doin a lot.
why the rap game so scared to show love.
i dont know but I am not.
that shit right there a Black Thought.
now bring it back to the roots.
yes I most definitely got the juice.
yes I got love for the game.
dont do this shit for the fame.
its how we people the same.
dont care what set you claim.
shoutout that boy YG Nat King Cole and JID.
everybody know I be in the club VIP huh.
sike not me.
too many people to name but know I got love for you all.
if you need me I got you I promise I got you just give me a call.
hiphop we a family but the hype beast wanna ban me.
cause I am me speak love not hate so they dont understand me.
2019 better get that Grammy.
give me my props where props is due.
why everybody wanna come stop you.
maybe they mad that they not you.
when you preach that peace and love.
make them wanna come through pop shots at you.
thats no love fuck that show love.
dont buck back like a.

soul Food II.

goddamn goddamn conversations with people.
crazy how one day the legends forget that they equal.
on this Under Pressure sequel.
we not taking it back we keepin it pushing.
people scared of change.
but youll find me deep in the cushion.
even when I win it feel like Im losing.
listening to beats in the Bimmer cruisin.
i think I got another hit I could feel my body bruisin.
whats the conclusion Or rather my hypothesis.
im darker than Gotham is.
like reading Nostradamus at 90 degrees.
you better believe.
i know how to turn a profit with ease.
diacritical lifestyle Im always overseas.
hurricane Bobby in the studio blowing trees.
switch the topic I drop it.
fuck around then leave them all concussed.
when I bust no thrust this world we livin in is fucked.
industry rule number four thousand and eighty one.
your new shit aint good as your old shit.
til your new shit is your old shit son.
and then some gotta get some.
i wear this 24 karat solid gold Rollie for my son.
as an heirloom not for looking dope as I rhyme.
as a representation to give your family your time.
if youre searching for love in the industry youll be let down.
they dont love you til you dead and then they call you profound.
no matter how mainstream you was in the end you still underground.
thats the truth feeling close to the cliff like Rick Dalton in the booth.
money aint the key to happiness and this the proof.
modern day rap is like a golden era spoof.
but a few of us were searching within the second renaissance.
and I know that my debutantes.
been keeping the legacy going.
by flowing so involuntarily seamless.
me and my team is finally reaping.
what we been sowing like a seamstress.
i said Im on one I know Im unsung.
was livin my life backward like Tariq on Undun.
hell yeah now check the method.
i been livin outside of pages for ages.
now Im back Chocolate City home of percussion Maryland on my back.
from Takoma Park all the way to Southeast DC.
it feel like forever ago it feel like BC.
everlasting life kickin rhymes in the parking lot at night.
inhale exhale people hate.
oh well 2012.
dreamin Im a freshman on XXL.
2013 on the cover XXL.
livin life behind these bars with no intention of postin bail.
cause I prevail.
but thats a story for another time.
story for another rhyme.
and on my darkest days I know that the sun will shine eventually.
greatest lyricist to ever do it yeah essentially.
and if were being modest then potentially.
and if were being humble then.
you might also like.

oh shit its Raquel shes a fuckin thot.
ayy fuck you guys Fuck you guys.
suck my dick.
straight on the basement mic.
ayy man fuck all these punchlines and shit man.
i just wanna tell a story I just wanna have some fun.
back in the basement type shit.
ayo once upon a time a couple of guys from out this world.
was talkin rap and hip hop with a young synthetic girl.
the year was 2115 at Babel Space Station.
was home to the very last of the human population.
the captain name was Thomas the infantry man was Kai.
and hes the man that discovered the Ultra 85.
accompanied by a girl inside their ear her name was Thalia.
made of ones and zeros she was a program.
you could ask her any question even about the fall of man.
then one day they discovered a planet in deep space.
that nobody before them had ever found in they database.
i mean maybe its the place thats meant for the human race.
the planet Paradise Kai said to Thomas My God.
itd be very nice traveling through outer space.
we done had some scary nights.
we done had some scary fights.
all about that rap shit Kai like that trap shit.
thomas love that boom bap shit.
i wish God was real I wish I could just get raptured.
what if this planet full of aliens and we get captured.
dont think that way my son.
everything gon be fine we finna have some fun.
and if by chance we do come across an alien.
ima blow his ass away with this here molecular gun.
set to kill never stun.
wagwan we get it done.
once they touched down nobody could hear a sound.
til they opened up the ship door that rappelled to the ground.
what they found a planet full of life.
a planet full of shit they never seen.
straight up out a movie scene.
on some Tarantino meets Christopher Nolan nah mean.
walk around the planet for hours they was exhausted.
if it wasnt for the music in they ears they would have lost it.
the seventh album by a musician they both revered.
first time this planet heard it lets call it a world premiere.
thomas thinkin about a picture of his girl.
that he left on the Aquarius Three in his dresser.
wishin he could undress her.
give her the pipe no lesser.
kai thinkin nuts like a professor.
wondering if the oxygen on this planet fresher.
now is it us or is the natural life on this world the aggressor.
all the negative shit inside of his head he need a refresher.
two men here to save the world no.

roll Call.
yeah smoking in London while the snow fall.
in another country so pardon me for the roll call.
damn who wouldve thought the fan base was this immense.
on the first fucking train to Paris so pardon my french.
shows sold out fans in line even though its cold out.
yeah touring Europe getting swiss cheese.
many said Id never attain it now Im like Bitch please what up.
allow me to open up the verse with something so diverse.
now let the flow immerse hold up watch it disperse.
from the gates of Heaven while the police booking at me.
open your mental while bitches give me brain with no dental.
yall probably think Im crazy for touching this instrumental.
shout out my cousin Ego he know this shits sentimental.
been doing this shit for my dogs holding down the kennel.
my ex hit me talkin bout she wanna make up.
but on the real I got no time for cover girls.
music is my main bitch no time for other girls.
im finna blow like Hiroshima my demeanor get meaner.
watch me elevate to arenas me without the mic.
thats like Martin without the Gina Venus without Serena.
now these thirsty bitches on the dick we call that Aquafina.
i used to bus tables until them tables turned.
and everything I have obtained is everything Ive earned.
and everything I rap about is everything Ive learned.
so hopefully the listener can position a situation.
where they dont get burned and they can learn from my mistakes.
like Ive learned from the greats to do whatever it takes.
for Heavens sakes open your mind this shit one of a kind.
elegant and refined irrelevant to the swine.
whats the deal Whipping through LA in the coupe de Ville.
on the real to various people I do appeal cause of skill.
so this the type of shit Im gon keep making.
that make MCs break fast like flapjacks and bacon.
rest in peace to BIG and many other fallen soldiers.
never Hollywood Im grounded like a cup of Folgers bitch I told ya.
allow me to open up your mind and mold ya.
indulge ya within this shit I call the second Renaissance.
the system broke and they sent Logic in for maintenance.
cause all you wack rappers couldnt break change to make sense.
im back again with another argument about how much Im black again.
fighting for credibility from the lack of blacker skin.
its kind of funny how your pigment determines how people perceive you.
thats ignant.
aint seen my momma in a minute.
cause growing up she called me a nigger.
that would never amount to nothing.
racism from my own momma left home cause of drama.
but I can make it in the rap game look at Obama.
you aint been in my shoes you dont know my story.
you dont know whats in store but bitch I stocked the inventory.
fuck a critic with the balls to try to tell me how I feel.
you wasnt with me as a child never once did you feel.
the pain of my stomach that manifested from the lack of meals.
headed to the soup kitchen on foot by the lack of wheels.
we aim to keep it real and hell no we aint never missing.
came a long way from eating when government gave permission.
if you think these lyrics aint deep you too stupid to listen.
just an outcast with a mission to spit to whoever listen bitch its LogicYou might also.

numbers.
you already.
know what I been on you know where I be at.
cause men lie women lie numbers dont I see that.
catch me in a private jet like Fuck it where the weed at.
and this flight attendant got the fattest ass you know I need that.

now these bitches say they love me but they just obsessed with the image.
now if practice makes perfect then this is a scrimmage.
cause I aint perfect I never said I was.
but now they hatin cause a brother finally got some buzz.
the people I talk to you dont know what I mean.
even matters of love it aint always as it seems.
yeah theres plenty in the sea until you hit the mainstream.
the girl that I love the one I call my honey.
now I wonder if she love me for me or my fuckin money.
sometimes I think about the love that I had in the past.
i truly miss it but it just wasnt destined to last.
cause our separation lit a fire under my ass.
and now Im gunnin for the throne yeah that is my task.
just a youngin with a dream that acquired a team.
motivated by bad bitches and rockin Supreme.
now the whole world wonders whats his next move.
that all depends on what I feel that I need to improve.
tell me what you think of me I swear it doesnt matter.
just as long as I am happy and my pockets getting fatter.
watch me shatter the competition get mad and now all of em wishing.
you coulda done it like I done it bitch I run it ah.
yeah you know I do it like it aint ever been done.
hit the Vegas strip and blow a million euro just for fun.
to be honest I may have embellished that last line.
chillin with a shorty that is so much more than fine.
at the penthouse poppin bottles of that hundredthousanddollar wine.
i got the connect met im through the grape vine.
you know what I been on you know where I be at.
cause men lie women lie numbers dont I see that.
catch me in a private jet like Fuck it where the weed at.
and this flight attendant got the fattest ass you know I need that.
yyyou know what I been on you know where I be at.
cause men lie women lie numbers dont I see that.
now these bitches say they love me but they just obsessed with the image.
you know what I been on you know where I be at.

yeah its been a year and everything I said would happen has.
newschool style with oldschool bars like Alcatraz.
cause I aint never second guess this music shit.
i knew this shit was all I ever wanted all I ever had.
born famous now its just time to convince the world.
ditch cats like drainage if they disrespect then dont step through.
i paint pictures for your mind and bring it to life like cinematography.
say it then I do it my whole careers a prophecy now.
better grab your jacket cause in this world we live in its cold out.
and when my album hit the stores its sold out.
like these rappers careers Im the sum of our fears.
fuck a Grammynominated bitch I made it and Im here.
i said its all about the fans not all about the record sales.
they said it wouldnt work I told em go fuck theyselves.
why you think Im independent Visionaries never fail.
whywhy you think Im independent Visionaries never f.
you know what I been on you know where I be at.
cause men lie women lie numbers dont I see that.
catch me in a private jet like Fuck it where the weed at.
and this flight attendant got the fattest ass you know I need that.
yyyou know what I been on you know where I be at.
cause men lie women lie numbers dont I see that.
now these bitches say they love me but they just obsessed with the image.

you gotta realize.
a lot of the time when I talk and Im talking extremely cocky.
im not talking about myself.
im talking about the work You know where I be at.


everybody Dies.
yeah fuck that shit.

this what you all been waitin for aint it.
rap game owe me I been waitin for the payment.
all these lil rappers come and go wonder where they went.
ten years and runnin we came up from the basement.
this what you all been waitin for aint it.
rap game owe me I been waitin for the payment.
all these lil rappers come and go wonder where they went.
ten years and runnin we came up from the basement.

grew up broke as fuck rich folks was adjacent.
maryland starin out the window for motivation.
i remember Lil Bobby Lil B.
man I wish that I could be a dog in a rich family.
oh how nice would that shit be my life a catastrophe.
now my shit a masterpiece No Limit like Master P.
now I am the master see thats the way it has to be.
my life is a movie Im so glad God casted me.
i am not top ten more like top three.
i am not two cause nobody could top me.
get the pussy wet like Jodeci you know its me.
i cant seem to put my finger on it like a rotary.
but somethins missin from the game when Im gone oh its me.
i feel sorry for these rappers comin up woe is me.
i just took a hiatus and wrote a novel motherfucker.
i got more verses than the Holy Bible motherfucker.
cause Im sittin on five unreleased albums.
greatest of all time no lyin thats the outcome.
i do it for the boom bap the trap and the radio.
fuck a fake fan steppin to me try to play me ho.
i make music for every genre every occasion.
my shit is amazin Im blazin its insane.
going crazy in the gym goin in gains.
had a lot of dark nights but bitch I been Bane.
i was born in the darkness like Rick James bitch.
sippin scotch with Chappelle after the Grammys.
said them countries wasnt shit holes they prolly wanna ban me.
cause I say the shit that others wont prolly cant stand me uh.
like these rappers claim to hate me but they stan me.
i said these rappers claim to hate me but they motherfuckin stan me.
they hate what I represent but bitch I am me.
they hate what I represent but bitch I am me.
theres nothin but legendary shit that be goin on the phenomenon.
you are watching a master at work.
this what you all been waitin for aint it.
rap game owe me I been waitin for the payment.
all these lil rappers come and go wonder where they went.
ten years and runnin we came up from the basement.
this what you all been waitin for aint it.
rap game owe me I been waitin for the payment.
all these lil rappers come and go wonder where they went.
ten years and runnin we came up from the basement.
i got my rap and I got my gat.
yeah they got my back but I wont bust back.
unless I need this world is greed I lead by example with ample.
education my lyricism is here to imprison your vision.
the fallacy society has rejected Im here to protect it.
everybody didies deep within this world we live in and not everybody tries but everybody lies.
you cant take money with you when you die so spend it and dont look back like an addict in recovery.
but also dont blow it you know it dont be a coward but dont be too heroic.
live your lilife to the fullest dont push it or pull it.
dont murder others cause you disagree with they beliefs.
we all the same underneath.
i had some shit I had to get off of my chest in that first verse.
but this verse come first when it comes to importance of message.
do what you love do what you do it do it.
dont do it dont do it thats society.
break free from the cycle dont be scared to walk like Michael on the moon.
rattPack be the platoon so much more is comin soon.
yeah Ive been goin Im already knowin know Bobby been flowin.
my shit get around like a woman thats hoin.
my body been growin my mind been growin.
im already knowin that Im gon die one day you gon die one day we all gon die one day.
god already got the date set so live your life live yo life.
yeah you live it thats a bet cause if you aint fulfilled in the end.
you gon be filled with regret bet.
this what you all been waitin for aint it.
you are watching a master at work.
rap game owe me I been waitin for the payment.
all these little rappers come and go wonder where they went.
ten years and runnin we came up from the basement.
this what you all been waitin for aint it.
rap game owe me I been waitin for the payment.
all these little rappers come and go wonder where they went.
ten years and runnin we came up from the basement.

you are watching a ma master at work.


iCONIC.
shout out to that boy Slim Shady for all the love yeah.

tell me what you know about real life.
tell me what you know about dark nights.
bitch Im Bruce Wayne in the game.
metaphor game too silly punch lines way too silly.
fuck a milli now Im comin for that William.

god damn boy you know Im puttin in the work.
ima get em I got em and now they all hurt.
ima let em know I never let em know.
bitch Im all up in it come and get it you could never get rid of it.
every bit of it in this motherfucker.
like Im in the middle of little Italy and all this shit was never given to me.
thats just a fallacy told by the enemy tryna get ahead of me.
they dead to me everybody dead to me.
everybody know that Bobby will body anybody.
like Gotti the Gambino from Maryland to Reno.
we know Tarantino a killer but the Young Sinatra.
got you by the neck and the spirit the second they hear it.
they fear it as soon as they get near it everybody revere it like.
tell metell metell me what you know about real life real life.
tell me what you know about dark nights dark nights.
bitch Im Bruce Wayne in the game.
you just perpetrating from the sideline what it feel likefeel like.
metaphor game too silly punch lines way too silly.
fuck a milli now Im comin for that William.
hold up wait a minute think about it thats a billi.

everybody know that boy Sinatra he the king now.
nobody want to step up in the ring now.
i sacrificed my twenties now that money aint a thing now.
now that money aint a thing.
everybody know that boy Sinatra he the king now.
nobody want to step up in the ring now.
i sacrificed my twenties now that money aint a thing now.
now that money aint a thing.

everybody talk about my race on socials.
make the boy wanna go postal.
since I went triple plat.
i only identify as bicoastal.
never did the shit I was supposed to.
not a lotta shit you could say about me.
yeah my hairline faded but my bank accountll roast you.
tell metell metell me what you know about real life real life.
tell me what you know about dark nights dark nights.
bitch Im Bruce Wayne in the game.
you just perpetrating from the sideline what it feel like feel like.
metaphor game too silly punch lines way too silly.
fuck a milli now Im comin for that William.
hold up wait a minute think about it thats a billi.

you already know what that is.
young Sinatra icons inspire icons.
gold chains wrapped around my neck like pythons.
the drip way yeah.

yeah Greatest alive Im the greatest alive.
im the greatest at being me aint nobody seeing me.
so check it like CMB thats word to the DMV.
im straight from the basement I made it like a villain Im hated.
word to Jermaine this shit just aint been the same.
never simple and plain like a bullet to the brain.
im blowing minds yeah I gotta kick shit with this rhyme.
second I spit it so divine thats word to your mom.
sweeping these rappers up like its a chore who want more.
ill leave anybody two times four.
dropping pounds in London like I lost weight.
my mindstate is like a freight when I rhyme check the state of mind.
yeah my train of thought is never off the track.
when I drive it so stop it Im killin em like a virus.
after they dead Im still in em who feelin em everybody now.
its never nothin like the first time nothin like your first rhyme Nothin like getting that nut in for the first time.
thats the type of shit they never tell you now.
bitches come and go I know I know you cant fuck with this flow.
bobby Tarantino get the C note oh yeah there he go.
tell me they love it they want it they need it.
i never been defeated no never given up.
do what I do how I do gotta live it up.
this shit right here on the real I cant get enough.
god damn uh Im the motherfuckin man.
went from gettin close to the gang.
to sipping champagne on a plane.
do what you love in life and never second guess it.
even when haters protest it now.
you ever wonder what it means to.
you ever wonder what it uh.
you ever wonder what it means to finally live in your dreams.
then realize that everything it just aint what it seems.
uh yeah I thought I wanted to be the greatest alive.
until I realized that being the greatest is just a lie.
like the opening words in this verse.
that as soon as they disperse make other rappers converse.
and plot to put in you a hearse real talk fuck rap.
i hate and I love it cause its so negative.
everybody selfish nobody wanna give.
a helping hand to the next man well fuck you then.
fuck your ethnicity we all one.
cause when my last album dropped you know we all won.
yeah that shit went number one so everybody won.

clickbait.
you are amazing you are amazing you are amazing you are.
you are amazing you are amazing you are amazing you are.
you are incredible you are incredible you are incredible you aint shit.
you are incredible you are forgettable you are forgettable you are for.

all these comments got me lost in my mind.
all these thoughts that Im having are not mine.
i always post that Im having a good time.
so my life looks perfect online.
she say she never done some shit like this before.
suck my dick until I nut and then I go.
i want a good girl but I always fuck with hoes.
i love drugs I pop pills I do blow blow blow.
i think this girl at the club wants to fuck me.
and I really think her boyfriend wants to fuck me up.
youre the reason that Im up all night.
youre the reason that I get no sleep.
you say my music aint shit when I creep.
say I should empty the whole bottle in my mouth like Peep.
and overdose immortalize myself.
while the media use my death monetize they wealth.
rIP Lil Peep let that young man sleep.
let that young man death teach.
the youth the streets.
to beat addiction.
yeah thats my diction.
moment of silence.
i dont do the Breakfast Club cause Charlamagne is shameless.
thats the only one I leave out when I run my bases.
do your research fore you call somebody homophobic.
you make a living off of controversy and you know it.
i aint that type of artist respect my name and we can talk about it.
quote that line but leave out all the mental health.
slap a bitch in the face then I count my wealth.
thats the shit they want yeah thats the shit they need.
thats the shit make people click.
thats the shit that make me sick so.
you are amazing you are amazing you are amazing you are.
you are amazing you are amazing you are amazing you are.
you are incredible you are incredible you are incredible you aint shit.
you are incredible you are forgettable you are forgettable you are.

inception.
logic.

i got a date with destiny.
my heart says yeah but cant convince the rest of me.
i tried so hard to make it with no recipe.
my selfish ways caught up and got the best of me.
i need redemption no need to mention my past.
cause all that matters now is bigger than diamonds and cash.
the glitz the glamour the lights the camera the action.
the stage the fans the speakers blastin.
you know I want it I need it dont doubt it I cant live without it.
this is everything I dreamed of its everything Ive ever wanted.
but is it really truly in my plans.
or did God mix up my blueprints.
did He have it right there in his hands.
anybody give me a hint.
i can feel it now I know its coming.
and I dont give a fuck what anybody say.
ive fallen Ive risen I chose and selected this mission.
incarceration through these bars created a prison.
and I intend to do the time that the sentence is given.
25 to life yeah thats how Im living.
sometimes I wonder if Ill ever make it.
but theres only one way Ima know.
im like a seed planted in the dirt.
feels like Ive been waitin forever to grow.
and maybe today is the day.
and maybe tonight is the night.
but one thing that I know fo sho.
this time Ima get it right.
crowd screaming.
logic.
logic Logic.
logic Logic.

now.
fuckin with me now fuckin with me now.
goddamnit now they damn it now they.
fuckin with me now fuckin with me now.
wasnt bout it back then all a sudden now they.
fuckin with me now fuckin with me now.
i mustve got it cause they wanna seem like everybody.
fuckin with me now fuckin with me now.
break it down for these motherfuckers thinking that they.
fuckin with me now fuckin with me now.
goddamnit now they damn it now they.
fuckin with me now fuckin with me now.
wasnt bout it back then all a sudden now they.
fuckin with me now fuckin with me now.
i mustve got it cause they wanna seem like everybody.
fuckin with me now fuckin with me now.
break it down for these motherfuckers thinking that they.

fuckin with me now but they never was.
tell me where was yall back on the come up way before the buzz.
chillin with my homies in the basement like it really was.
fuckin with me now top down just the four of us.
rattPack to the fullest the people want more of us.
man now weve finally got connected.
did it all without a plug and so they fucking with me now.
yeah weve got it now yes Ive got it now.
so I gotta keep it real right now.
tell me how you feelin bitches grillin we making a killin.
the villain chillin Im livin the life Ive got the feelin.
for the realest on the rise shootin for the sky.
vMG fuck all them other guys been advised to give up.
we live up to the bar set Bobbysoxer doin 120 in a Corvette.
blowin up like a war vet.
goddamn everybody wonder who I am.
cause I came out the cut like a stitch in your hand.
and my music flowing through your city like drug money.
made a mill off rap fuck drug money.
and now you hit me like I got you whatever you need.
but deep down hope a motherfucker bleed yeah they.
fuckin with me now fuckin with me now.
goddamnit now they damn it now they.
fuckin with me now fuckin with me now.
wasnt bout it back then all a sudden now they.
fuckin with me now fuckin with me now.
i mustve got it cause they wanna seem like everybody.
fuckin with me now fuckin with me now.
break it down for these motherfuckers thinking that they.
fuckin with me now fuckin with me now.
goddamnit now they damn it now they.
fuckin with me now fuckin with me now.
wasnt bout it back then all a sudden now they.
fuckin with me now fuckin with me now.
i mustve got it cause they wanna seem like everybody.
fuckin with me now fuckin with me now.
break it down for these motherfuckers thinking that they.

fuckin with me now break it down come off of the crown.
nowhere to be found on the come up now they come around.
talk about they hold me down yeah.
acting like they know me now they know me now yeah.
where you been You gon be there when I need a friend.
say Ive got em when I hit rock bottom and get up again.
sippin gin now would you pick up the pen.
if I was locked up in the pen.
tell me can you reminisce on way back when it did begin.
when I look at you I do not see a friend.
when I look at you look at me.
i can tell you only see some type of end.
fuckin with me now actin like we kin.
but you dont know where Ive been.
goddamn bring it back again yeah.
back again yeah bring it back again yeah.
back again yeah back again yeah.
bring it back again yeah.
talkin bout they.
fuckin with me now fuckin with me now.
goddamnit now they damn it now they.
fuckin with me now fuckin with me now.
wasnt bout it back then all a sudden now they.
fuckin with me now fuckin with me now.
i mustve got it cause they wanna seem like everybody.
fuckin with me now fuckin with me now.
break it down for these motherfuckers thinking that they.
fuckin with me now fuckin with me now.
goddamnit now they damn it now they.
fuckin with me now fuckin with me now.
wasnt bout it back then all a sudden now they.
fuckin with me now fuckin with me now.
i mustve got it cause they wanna seem like everybody.
fuckin with me now fuckin with me now.
break it down for these motherfuckers thinking that they.
fuckin with me now fuckin with me now.
fuckin with me now fuckin with me.

lost in Translation.
yeah turn my headphones up just a little more.
just a little bit.

chillin with my homies and we vibin.
all this potion that Im sippin I aint drivin.
life a motherfucker but we still survivin.
colored people time but nigga we still arrivin.
chillin with my homies and we vibin.
all this potion that Im sippin I aint drivin.
life a motherfucker but we still survivin.

im feelin like Andre pre3K cause all I got is Benjamins.
yall know the regiment RAdoubleTPACK.
rappin like back in the day yeah you heard what I say.
from EBT and watchin BET on my TV to platinum CD.
now I got it like that the boy brought it like that.
yeah they gon bring it back.
like the illest sample from the 70s Im feelin heavenly.
grew up in Maryland and now my neighbor is Beverly.
even when Bobby Boy over the hill and hes 70.
ima be packin that weaponry I am the greatest alive.
you already know it I dont gotta say it this shit is telepathy.
if you feel different then step to me.
cause Ive been ballin shotcallin.
droppin heat back to back while yall stallin.
yall wanna ante up but Im allin.
climbin the ladder aint no way Im fallin.
come here my darlin married to the game.
come now feel the pain.
but I got a side bitch and thats real.
we love to make movies I told you thats reel.
thats just how I feel.
tell me what I tell me what I really wanna give for a life like this.
no the boy wont fade away.
take it daytoday everybody wanna hate straightaway.
thats how we livin in the world today.
im Louis you more CK.
was a outcast on the come up back in the day.
and now Im more Andre post3K like woo.
break it down.
breakbreakbreakbreakbreak it down.
breakbreakbreakbreakbreak it down.

ayo ayo.
fuck you like CeeLo buck it then I reload.
in the cut like Lilo with everybody we know.
we all in together like we cousins in the 90s.
and if you dont know bout that shit.
you aint got a nickel son yeah I said thats Jack shit.
you aint got a dime dog you dropped it thats rat shit.
stab you in the back shit ratchet.
my style is impeccable and nobody could match it.
im Bruce Wayne terrorizin Gotham Im batshit.
im Kim Kardashian with a hatchet.
constantly reshapin this body of work Im an introvert.
wonder why I smoke dope no wonder why I cant cope.
far from evil Im kinda like Spike Spiegel.
a cowboy paid for retrieval.
bitches jumpin to conclusions like Evil Knievel.
best believe you bitch Ill leave you stranded.
try to dap me up lefthanded.
ill leave you defeated and amputated til the blood coagulated.
i force the crowd to throw they hands up like cannibals.
my God what a fuckin animal.
sicker than givin brain to Hannibal Lecter.
you come correct but I come correcter.
food for thought but hold the lecture.
ayo I kill the pussy yeah I make sehctib cremate.
im an original screenplay in a world full of remakes.
i record my shit the first time you need more than three takes.
lyrically Im undefined on this fuckin beat tape my god.
breakbreakbreakbreakbreakbreakbreakbreakbreakbreak.
break it down.
breakbreakbreakbreakbreakbreakbreakbreakbreakbreak.
break it down.

okay.
コンフェシャンスコンフェッションズオブデンジャラスマインド.
ご参加いただきありがとうございました.
最高だったでしょう.
楽しんでいただけたことを願っています.
もしロジックをお気に召さないのであれば耳を塞ぐか帰っていただいて結構.
でもそんなあなたは本当はロジックを愛してやまないんでしょう毎日彼の行動が気になって仕方ないはず.
おそらくあなたは気付かないうちに虜になってしまったのね.
世界中で聴いてるRattPack のみんな.
私たちは共に歴史を刻んできた.
いつもあなたたちを愛し感謝しています.
marylandから日本へ愛を込めて.
rattPack motherfucker.
arigato.
rattPack motherfucker.


the Spotlight.
do the DANCE one two three four fight.
stick to the BEAT get ready to ignite.
you were such a PYT catching all the lights.
just easy as ABC thats how you make it right.

i am literally in the air right now rapping up a stewardess.
first class I am so new at this.
used to ride the metro now that shit is retro.
like the infrareds on my feet baby lets go.
sinatra what they know me by Logic what they call me.
gotta catch a flight but the fans wanna stall me.
life of a don chain just glowin.
always in the lab with the fresh kicks on.
im at the MGM rocking MCM.
bobby Soxer on my arm its only 10 PM.
got the RattPack with me going HAM at the hotel.
name brand everything fuck a wholesale.
no I am not materialistic.
i was broke my whole life and no I dont miss it.
last seven years of my life was in a lab.
working every day giving it everything I had.
now that a brother is finally recognized.
i will not let the limelight hypnotize.
everybody be sure Imma always want more.
does anybody make real shit anymore.
under the spotlight neither black nor white.
it doesnt matter do the dance do the dance.
as strong as you might working day and night.
whatever happens do the dance do the dance.

the grind never stops like Im running from the cops.
its hard to stay humble when youre forcefed props.
but I dont give a damn I am just a man.
i am not more important than any one of my fans.
first name Bobby so Im all about The Hundreds.
gunning hard with the mask and Glock.
and Ima stay with extra clips till the casket drops.
finna blow in the next three years tops.
talking worldwide not just hiphop.
rappers nowadays so flipflop.
talking bout you wanna work.
motherfucker kick rocks.
i am on the come up headed to the top.
repping MD and never will I stop.
me and the crew Vs up Visionary what it do.
step to the mic lyricism ensues.
we go hard only on campus when I wanna study abroad.
guess thats why they wonder if I go there.
all the groupie bitches wanna put they fingers through my hair.
cant fade the thirst chill out whoa there.
let me get it let me bring it back.
haters talking shit but I get richer when they doing that.
yes I am pursuing that number one album worldwide.
under the spotlight neither black nor white.
it doesnt matter do the dance do the dance.
as strong as you might working day and night.
whatever happens do the dance do the dance.

is this what you want.
the way you move is a.

icy.
im icy Im clean.
im icy.


i had a plot as a kid to get rich.
hah listen lil bitch.
got the game in my hand like a Switch.
its just me and my clique.
rap and get money rap and get money.
said rap and get money motherfucker.
aint this shit funny.
dont do it for money dont do it for money.
but if it come down to the money.
i got a lot.
i got a lot like a lot.
more than I need.
i got children to feed I got places to be.
i got bitches to fuck let me see your ID.
nah Im just playin Im playin.
you know that Im playin dont know what Im sayin no.
know that we chillin we vibin.
we smokin and drinkin we gettin this money though.
follow me follow me follow me.
all the way all the way into my paradise.
im so cold I think Im made of ice.

fall out when they see me they dramatical.
she aint icy enough were not compatible.

im icy Im icy Im so cold Im chilly.
you know I got the Cnotes like Im Eilish Im Billie.
that boy Logic flow so cold loco crazy silly.
you ever gon stop rappin.
im thinkin no no not really ayy.
i be quick to put an ugly bitch in her place.
cause a beautiful woman is something to see.
and shes not defined by her face.
cant fuck with no girl that be all on the Gram.
tryna post while Im eatin spaghetti.
damn girl cant you be normal.
im famous as fuck yeah we get it already.
but who give a shit about that.
i am a good man how bout that.
no way in hell Im defined by the stat.
smokin that pack let me get it back.
let me get up in it let me hit it like that.
if you wanna come and get it with the RattPack.
like ayy Ima be here forever and a day.
i be at the Grammy party with Jay and Bey.
oh shit yeah thats me.
sellin out NYC.
that shit I cant believe.

im.

open MicAquarius III.
okay settle settle settle settle ladies and gentlemen settle down.
okay so this next brother were gonna bring up to the stage usually does not come in on Monday nights.
youre in for a real treat ladies and gentlemen.
give it to Mr Hall.

rip out my soul from the depths of my flesh.
flesh from my blood I caress.
right on the page so its fresh.
i take my time but express.
lot on my mind but I guess.
its just in my genes like a Glock 17 like a genetic scene.
kick in the door we blow it off the hinge.
music my drug tie it off then inject the syringe.
its in my blood aint no need to pretend.
therapist tell me I dont need to defend.
therapy tell me I dont need to explain.
just drop the record on the needle and express my pain.
cant wait until my son shine and together we reign.
my queens by my side like Manhattan.
fuck rapping this is poetic conviction.
my rendition is not meant for your diction.
battled addiction in the womb.
a crack baby by definition.
keys to ignition with no permission.
that mean that Im driven.
alive cause Im living.
fuck workin with what youve been given.
i knew I always wanted more like The Roots in ninefive.
and Ill be sure to do more for my family than mine did.
cause hiphop rhymes taught me more than my moms did.
didnt drink til I was twentyfive cause Im my moms kid.
all I knew was alcoholism and prison.
only saw domestic violence and racial division.
social worker trying to take me away.
but I know that group home probably worse hell nah no way.
at least I know my odds here Ima be okay.
adapted to the lifestyle so Ima be okay.
keep that one just in case yeah.

im just an entity.
my DNA not my identity.
finding serenity.
become a better man I better be.
for the child in my baby mama stummy never crummy.
we get big bread.
tryin to be the greatest that shit been dead.
im trying to be the happiest that I can be instead.
im trying to get ahead like a fetus.
money dont complete us but it feed us it can lead us to depression.
being rich is not a blessing fame is not a blessing.
wasnt til I was rich and famous I learned that lesson.
whats the meaning of life to live it what Im guessing.

live it live it.
living life like this is so crazy.
hiphop is amazing.
one day youre on top and the next they want to erase em.
goddamn what Im facing.
every day a new frustration.
people thinking Im complacent.
people thinking that I changed like a cashier.
but I cant let that register get the fuck up on out of here.
buy it break it roll it light it get high as the stratosphere.
i can hear the voices in my mind when I rhyme.
give it up youre out of time.
never even had a prime.
like the Preemo never linked up with 59.
bitch Im back like the muscles surrounding my vertebrae.
okay fuck what you gotta say.
i keep it going already know when Im flowing.
for the listener youre kind of like a therapist.
or rather Cole in 2005 flowing like Canibus.
that throwback shit yeah that throwback shit.
fuck what you heard my catalog it aint got no wack shit.
cause Im a gladiator in the Colosseum everybody wanna be him.
til they feel like they cant be him then they wanna see him lose.
wrote this poem in navy thats what I call singing the blues.
word to Dot D my family got me no carbon copy.
life can hit you harder than Drago.
but if I roll with the punches when its rocky dont ever stop me.
never top me never cocky Im never cocky.
okay well maybe sometimes.
occasionally in some rhymes.
but its fine in due time.
im the illest to ever do it come now Bobby Boy cool it.
an indigenous era of the indigenous emcee.
riding this motherfucker til the tank on E.
whats up.
uh uh yeah yeah.
uh yeah.
uh yeah.

fuck all the bullshit dig from deep down inside.
i wrote this sitting shotgun in my favorite ride.
reflecting on memories from my childhood.
bringing a baby in this world I hope my child good.
all I ever gave a fuck about was my career.
but all that shit out the window now that my son is here.
fuck sales and streams none of that shit entails dreams.
fuck rap fuck press fuck feeling like Im less.
if it aint bout my happiness then I could give a fuck less.
i remember window shopping.
now Im shopping for windows for my baby new room.
bobby coming soon.
and thats the type of line I wouldve secondguessed.
putting on my shit before.
out of fear that they would hate cause they couldnt relate.
cause it wasnt relevant.
give a fuck if its evident this right here is the evidence.
im like Leo in Revenant bear with me.
you could tear me apart.
but that wont take away the fact I wrote this shit from the heart.
where its built from the start.
where its finna stay.
ive learned every days a good day.
surrounded by people that love me.
dont want nothing from me but my happiness.
off the internet thats when Im at my happiest.
scrolling so much my thumb fucked up.
we call that carpal tunnel vision.
follow me like religion on this course of collision.
feeling imprisoned and this is my freedom through these lyrics.
as I repeat them and beat em into my conscience like Adonis.
all this lyricism straight to the dome like cocaine through the sinus.
i think I finally found my paradise thats word to.

the Jam.
buck buck buck buck booyakasha.

what the fuck you mean you aint know my name.
only thing I changed I aint got no change.
still me and my homies and we all the same.
still me and my homies screamin Fuck the fame.
what the fuck you mean you aint know my name.
only thing I changed I aint got no change.
still me and my homies and we all the same.
still me and my homies screamin Fuck the fame.
sellin records on a major label.
but Im still movin like Im independent.
still respected like Im in the pen and.
im just talkin my shit so dont get offended.
bitch I been invented this real.
been the same since my deal.
if you try to say that Im changin.
wait for the album see how you feel.
my third album my Graduation like Kanye.
music on another level.
yeah Im tryna take this shit further beyond Ye.
i just might fuck around and drop this shit on em by surprise.
like Im Beyoncé.
got a couple million in the bank right now.
but I want my zeros beyond Jay.
counting money like Rothenberg PC.
paid a price to be me aint it nice to be me.
aint it nice to be free.
do what you want when you wanna do it.
on the real it aint nothin to it.
young man on his Alan Watts.
in a bookstore with my pocket watch.
wifey goin hard with the squats.
life good so they take shots.
thats childish I hate shots.
ive been at it Rattpack get that shit tatted.
fuck with me on Snapchat.
talk shit and get clapped back.
only carryon is my backpack.
when I jetset like a war vet what up.
what the fuck you mean you aint know my name.
only thing I changed I aint got no change.
still me and my homies and we all the same.
still me and my homies screamin Fuck the fame.
what the fuck you mean you aint know my name.
only thing I changed I aint got no change.
still me and my homies and we all the same.
still me and my homies screamin Fuck the fame.

everybody know Ive been at it with this rap shit.
fuck around with this trap shit.
but this next album is a wrap shit.
my third album my Graduation like Kanye.
music on another level.
yeah Im tryna take this shit further beyond Ye.
i just might fuck around and drop this shit on em by surprise.
like Im Beyoncé.
got a couple million in the bank right now.
but I want my zeros beyond Jay.
i want my zeros beyond I want my zeros beyond Jay.
that shit they talkin beyond fake.
fact Im right now here beyond fate uh.
ima take a minute and get in it so you know Im in it.
this right here is my house you the tenant.
everything that happens I intend it.
every word that you hear I invented.
ive been living like a king I aint worried bout a thing.
i just been bumpin that Destroyer Girl in a Sling.
thats the type of shit I bring.
im doin this for the fans.
so they can turn up in my absence.
started a channel.
already made a hundred grand off of AdSense.
i aint do it for the money though.
i dont do it for the money though.
shout out to Kid Cudi though.
thats the homie you already know.
what the fuck you mean you aint know my name.
only thing I changed I aint got no change.
still me and my homies and we all the same.
still me and my homies screamin Fuck the fame.
what the fuck you mean you aint know my name.
only thing I changed I aint got no change.
still me and my homies and we all the same.
still me and my homies screamin Fuck the fame.

i dont give a damn I know who I am tell em.
i dont give a damn I know who I am.
yeah they talkin but Im gettin money for me and my fam.
this shit aint that super deep nah this right here just the jam.
this right here the jam.
this right here just the jam.
this shit right here jam this my jam.
this shit here the jam.
50.

deeper Than Money.
people want to talk about what makes them happy.
what really makes you happy.
tell me what makes you happy.
makes you happy makes you sad makes you glad.
tell me what makes you happy.
people say its money give me the money.

if I could live forever and a day.
know Id never fade away.
but my life is not okay I.
i take the bus to my job and one night I got robbed.
life is fucking up my vibe I.
i wish had a lot of money.
had a lot of dough had a lot of paper you already know.
my life would be so much better with cheddar.
only work as hard as I do for vendetta.
cause my ninth grade teacher said I wouldnt be shit.
wouldnt be nothing working that minimum wage.
and cooking McMuffins so Im puffing on this green.
wishing I had more money than I do.
imagine if I had more money than Erykah Badu ah.
and so Im all about my business.
is there anyone who wit this.
can a brother get a witness like AhOoh AhOoh.
wassup with it come and get it.
tell me now whats on your mind.
i aint talking bout that shit you post up on your timeline.
speak to me in real time open up and redefine.
open up a motherfucking book for once and read a line.
somebody tell me now what done happen to society.
my happiness is gone and it took with it my sobriety.
they say that money cannot make you happy.
do not lie to me whoever said that shit was never broke.
and wouldnt try to be who is you to try with me.
why you trying me like ah.
now Imma tell em what makes me happy.
this what makes me happy right here.
like this.

jump up on that MPC like a boss MVP.
cook up shit that make other producers wanna envy me.
master it then set it free turn it into MP3s.
spin that shit up in Serato I can feel the energy.

this shit is deeper than money.
deeper than money.
deeper than money.
deeper deeper than money.
this shit is deeper than money.
deeper than money.
deeper than money.
you know its deeper deeper honey.
this shit is deeper than money.
deeper than your money.
my money they money everybody money.
said this shit is deeper than money.
deeper than money.
deeper than money.
its deeper than money.
i dont do this shit for nothing but myself.
i dont do this shit for nothing but myself.
i dont do this shit for nothing but myself.
i dont do this shit for nothing but myself.
think I need to focus more on my health.
i do I dothis the shit that I love.
this the shit that I love.
comes straight from above.
off the top off the dome.
gotta get it go home.
hella late feeling good got a lot on my plate.
what the fuck is on my mind.
i just I just want to rhyme.
this the type of shit I got to do.
oh my God whats the time.
can you feel it right now.
can you feel the whole style.
its the type of shit I gotta get it gotta get it.
ive been vibing out here in Malibu.
would you come through.
tell me motherfucker truly what it do.
lOGIC this is who I be.
lA where Im at MD what I be.
all that all that.
god I can feel it I can feel it.
im a fly on the wall feeling ten feet tall.
right now this the type of shit this the style.
this the motherfucking style.
and so I tell em.
this shit is deeper than money.
deeper than money.
deeper than money.
deeper deeper than money.
this shit is deeper than money.
deeper than money.
deeper than money.
you know its deeper deeper honey.
this shit is deeper than money.
deeper than your money.
my money they money everybody money.
said this shit is deeper than money.
deeper than money.
deeper than money.
its deeper than.

young Jedi.
real talk just RattPack besides that nobody I trust.

back again like I never left Young Sinatra thats to the death.
we turnt up til we go deaf rep RattPack til my last breath.
i cut records like Kid Cudi day and night thats all the time.
from the underground to the mainstream my same team get all the shine.
they wanted beef but I never knew I just keep the peace and get revenue.
stay true they never do cut all ties I sever you.
these rappers like women thats off of their pill we keeping it real but they flow is irregular.
grab the mic and I murder on the regular while these bitches hit me up on my cellular.
i cant take the time that I take to rhyme and just bullshit man that blow my mind.
im 23 like MJ thats no rest like overtime.
writing rhymes on the tour bus we stay real to the core of us.
they talk shit bout RattPack but every day man theres more of us.
that money come and that money go but this music shit man thats all I know.
i been broke and I got paid like a Goodfella that got made.
im draped up and Im dripped out went to school got kicked out.
told my mama she flipped out said fuck it all and I dipped out.
but Im back though whole time fuck bitches I just rhyme.
brand new state of mind my lifestyle is so divine.
cause Ive lived and Ive learned now I hustle and earn.
cause once you in the limelight everybody concerned.
with your wellbeing and if you feel okay.
bitch you wasnt here a year ago why are you here today.
i got professor paper your money need an extension.
im selling success save up and pay attention.
money cant buy happiness but that shit can support it.
cause whats a family of five if you cant even afford it.
sinatra.

feeling good feeling great.
feeling like a XXL Freshman on your bitch ass nigga.
try me.

creeping on the comeup with my nigga Logic time to get it popping.
got your city watching hit the stage them titties popping.
what it do Bruh I fuck witchu dont let these haters knock ya.
im overboard with the tactics walk out the house.
and I aint even matching but Im stunting cause Im the coolest and the youngest.
i told em I was a threat they scared of whats next.
walking down this road Im the only one in my lane.
and my fingers getting itchy thats that money coming to get me.
wait a minute aint them niggas on the list.
making moves making super moves who the fuck is you.
nigga what Nigga nigga what Them niggas the truth.
grinding for some time and Im hella straight with the dollars.
so if you call me and you need me then I got ya.
dont talk about being the realest niggas gon feel us regardless.
we gotta keep on killing I got the mind of a martian.
im spaced out somewhere in a world that I never been.
living out my dreams and Im still tryna settle in.
so I speak it like I know it.
got my shot I took it and I didnt fuckin blow it now everything is in motion.
open your mind elevate to the level of this rhyme.
keep it G to the dime many seek never find.
never knowing when Im flowing feeling heroic never ask.
chilling with your bitch I cant help but grab up on that ass.
swerving at 120 while shes rolling weed on the dash.
many never follow their dreams but follow the cash.
and this is the reason the Reaper is coming for they ass.
top dollar money bitches Impalas fuck it all let me holler.
and show you how we do it where I come from.
we getting money for the long term not just no lump sum.
uh how you feeling Make a killing bitches higher than the ceiling.
im Goku you fuckers is Krillin with the spirit bomb.
fuck around throw your body on the lawn.
right in front of your mom motherfuckers Im gone.
rattPack.

as you see my Jedi powers are far beyond yours.
you have interfered with our affairs for the last.

break It Down.
uh feeling like I gotta get it right now.
moving like a killer in the darkness outta sight now.
on another level so the devil wanna fight now.
growing up dirt broke but its looking bright now.
bitches on the pipe now want the dick right now.
but I cant fade taking shots with the sight down.
uh uh yeah I coulda died that day.
but I guess God dont ride that way.
chillin in the cut getting high all day.
with a couple bad bitches Ima do it my way.
driven by the way that I be livin everything I got em giving.
why you think they cant do it like me Uh.

ima get high.
ima get high.
yeah yeah yeah.
ima get high.
ima get high.
yeah yeah yeah.

no I dont smoke but Im feeling like.
blowin up my phone trynna get the dinner plan.
back stage with the homies bout to get it man.
fuck a fifteen minute man.
look young but I been a man.
all that ringtone rap make a brother wanna kill a man.
i am just a sinner man keep it real yeah that been the plan.
you know we always do it for the fans.
label that Im reppin thats VMG.
what you know about me.
everybody know that I be reppin that 301 fuck around and get sonned.
west Deer Park thats where Im from.
ima get high.
ima get high.
yeah yeah yeah.
ima get high.
ima get high.
yeah yeah yeah.

feeling like I gotta bring it back again.
always on another level dont know how to act again.
you dont wanna fuck around busting like a MAC now.
started from the bottom aint no way Ima go back down.
slack now harder motherfucker hell naw never that now.
tell me that they love me I dont give a fuck.
boy chillin in the cut bad bitch far from a slut.

ima get high.
yeah yeah yeah.
ima get high.
yeah yeah yeah.
ima get high.
yeah yeah yeah.
ima get high.
yeah yeah yeah.
what do you want me to say.
just letting you know Im not gonna do it.

uh Ima get high.
yeah yeah yeah.
yeah yeah yeah.
ima get high.
yeah yeah yeah.
ima get high.
yeah yeah.

do Ya Like.
without me knowing they melt my heart to stone.
and I hear your words that I made up.
you say my name like there could be an us.
i best tidy up.

baby girl you know what I want.
let me do it to ya do it to ya.
let me do ya like.
uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh.
baby girl you know what I want.
let me do it to ya do it to ya.
let me do ya like.
uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh.
uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh.

yeah yeah yeah.
let me get it right now make you get aroused.
baby you been on my mind for a while now.
i just wanna take some time.
write this rhyme with a beautiful woman like you in mind.
baby be mine.
im tryna find what makes you tick can we talk.
maybe walk around the park trust me girl Ill stand apart.
all women aint bitches.
and all men arent dogs even though we bark.
cause I just want to get to know you.
maybe run around and show you what a gentleman is.
yeah tell me what it do.
shawty Im coming for you.
aint talking about sex Im talking about something from above.
im talkin bout love.
im talkin bout love love love love love.
yeah now that you know that Im for real.
its the perfect time to kill.
any fear that you may have.
baby girl I wont be mad if you aint feelin it.
but if you down better believe Im killin it.
take you to the crib on that late night drillin it.
baby girl you know what I want.
let me do it to ya do it to ya.
let me do ya like.
uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh.
uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh.
baby girl you know what I want.
let me do it to ya do it to ya.
let me do ya like.
uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh.
uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh.

wait a second hold up.
how the hell you think I got this name.
girl Im all about the brain.
okay condom in my pocket.
lay on the bed let me rock it.
please dont stop the spit from profit.
but this right here on the house.
fuck the bed we cuttin on the floor then later on the couch.
ladies give out til I gets it in.
make you scream and make you grin.
from the very beginnin from the second Im in.
im trying to tease you let me please you.
baby girl you know I need you.
putting work with this one right here.
yeah you know its just for fun.
give it to you like I was trying to conceive a son.
i gets it done then Im ready for more.
so aint no telling where well go.
but one thing that I know fo sho.
this angel has no halo I dont play no games.
you can ask my ex I never eat the box.
but if I control her I may select some freaky shit to start.
then bring it back.
we can go for hours girl I never slept.
tell me how you want it.
face to face or rough and from the back.
just like that she gon overwork me if I let her.
but I dont give a damn I just wanna feel better ayy.
baby girl you know what I want.
let me do it to ya do it to ya.
let me do ya like.
uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh.
uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh.
baby girl you know what I want.
let me do it to ya do it to ya.
let me do ya like.
uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh.
uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh.
baby girl you know what I want.
let me do it to ya do it to ya.
let me do ya like.
uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh.
uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh.

words that I made up.
you say my name like.
words that I made up.
you say my name.

still Ballin.
cause thats uh Seth MacFarlane shit.
orville we on that outer space.
fuck it we keeping this in the beginning too.
nyeesh.

im ready to kick it.
give me the sample you know Ima flip it.
writin this shit like Im Lemony Snicket.
if she lookin bad then you know Ima dick it.
i whip it out then let her lick it.
im wicked Im awesome Im icy Im flossin.
literally shit is literary.
i eviscerate any my adversary.
when I rolled up showed up leave em toed up.
if you represent then throw up.
tell me how you really wanna get it.
cause you motherfuckers better be ready for the moment that Ima give it.
im a monster like Nicki Im twisted.
dont look away no you dont want to miss it.
im glad everybody can listen me spit it.
i hit em with the brrat like gat dont miss it.
ayy bitches they all on my dick.
i know you lovin this shit.
rappers they run when I spit.
wait let me reload the clip.
im kicking this shit like kung fu kicking this shit like Cordae do.
kill em all then hit the rendezvous.
killing these beats like Kanye do.
like Yeezus believe us my Jesus Im ballin.
top five alive but number one callin.
they say Bobby Bobby Bobby you so busy so shameless.
hit another level when your ass got famous.
now they taking shots at the boy but its aimless.
that purple micro red dot Im high and Im killin shit.
since 2009 feelin fine yeah Im still in it.
changin with the times when I rhyme people feelin it like braille.
they say Logic different now and I be like Oh well.
im rich Im healthy Im happy and Im wealthy.
money like my last name Banks.
bitch you Geoffrey bitch you Geoffrey like shit.
you salty uh I said you salty cause you sluggish.
i made it cause Im me aint switch the image like Im thuggish.
im ballin like the Nuggets they hatin Im like Fuck it.
every shot I take I make like Kobe Im like Buckets.
im ballin Im ballin yall.
told you way back when that I aint fuckin with yall.
im ballin Im ballin yall.
wasnt with me way back when then I wont answer the call.
im ballin Im ballin yall.
told you way back when that I aint fuckin with yall.
im ballin Im ballin yall.

one foot out the door one foot in the Wraith.
i do what I want you do what they say.
gucci I dont rock only Taylor Gang.
new chain I just bought so icy freeze your brain.
party on the plane party when I land.
i just left the snow and now Im in the sand yall dont understand.
everywhere we go people turn to fans.
i dont mean to brag but I get the bag yall dont see the plan.
pressure all I smoke is pressure.
million dollars in the bank and fitted on the dresser.
and I aint ever gonna change Ill stay the same forever.
you niggas better play it safe til everything is settled.
im in the new levels I keep my cool better.
just copped a new crib because the pool better.
just got a private flight that mean I flew better.
to kill this fuckin beat me and Logic who better Hahaha.
wasnt with me way back when then I wont answer the call.
im ballin Im ballin yall.
told you way back when that I aint fuckin with yall.
im ballin Im ballin yall.
wasnt with me way back when then I wont answer the call.

we Get High.
we get higher and higher.
crazy blue like St Elmos fire.
loves so sharp and flat.
that its hard to know just where youre at.
we get higher and higher.
crazy blue like St Elmos fire.
loves so sharp and flat.
that its hard to know just where youre at.

from the back to the front door.
dealers on the Southside sellin on their front door.
little bit of weed little bit of crack whatever you need.
while Im sellin out shows in the ice cold.
shout out to the homies in the front row with the blunt rolled.
that waited for hours in the snow just to see me flow.
so you know I gotta stay after the show.
cause if ChiTown show love Ima show love.
outside no gloves in the wintertime.
cause Im hungry like dinnertime.
stayin for every single one of my fans.
autographs til I couldnt feel my hands.
just a man with a plan but you wouldnt understand.
while you smoke to this reminisce.
when I wrote to this upandcomers take note to this.
we get it done on tour waking up before the sundown.
i know I never had to wonder if its love or not.
shoutout to the homies up at Jugrnaut.
for keeping a motherfucker fresh hell yes.
no contest when it comes to gear in the city they be the best.
love my girls outgoing in my City Chi.
but its MD till the day I die.
we get high oh so high that my mind is in the sky.
shorties love it when I rub it cause I never leave em dry.
we get high oh so high thats what they say in the Chi.
i get high you get high cause Im the one that supply.
we get high oh so high that my mind is in the sky.
shorties love it when I rub it cause I never leave em dry.
we get high oh so high thats what they say in the Chi.
i get high you get high cause Im the one that supply.

we get higher and higher.
crazy blue like St Elmos fire.
loves so sharp and flat.
that its hard to know just where youre at.

shoutout to the Bobby Soxer girls that just love the flow.
chillin out late night with the weed lit blunt split and the paper rolled.
rattPack smoking loudpack yeah they bout that.
haters talking shit yeah I never doubt that.
with the GPS flow we reroute that.
road to riches we be bout that.
getting money like Oprah.
fryin motherfuckers like Okra.
put your L up if you be a smoker.
fulltime toker.
everything I got thats what Im given no division till its over.
sleeping on the Young Sinatra like a sedative.
now they on a brothers dick so repetitive.
and they wonder why and they wonder why.
we get high oh so high that my mind is in the sky.
shorties love it when I rub it cause I never leave em dry.
we get high oh so high thats what they say in the Chi.
i get high you get high cause Im the one that supply.
we get high oh so high that my mind is in the sky.
shorties love it when I rub it cause I never leave em dry.
we get high oh so high thats what they say in the Chi.
i get high you get high cause Im the one that supply.
we get high.

we get higher and higher.
crazy blue like St Elmos fire.
loves so sharp and flat.
that its hard to know just where youre at.
we get higher and higher.
crazy blue like St Elmos fire.
loves so sharp and flat.
that its hard to know just where youre at.
we get higher and.

mos Definitely.
i dont know what Ima do.
i dont know where Ima live.
cause it feel like I aint got nothing to give.
just wanna follow my dreams.
just wanna follow my heart.
but the world wanna tear me apart right from start.
everything I ever wanted it aint what I thought.
bring it back to the roots like my name Black Thought.
this shit right here no it cant be taught.
gotta be learned it gotta be earned.
i aint got a pocket full of money but Im full of hope.
i dont wanna rob people I dont wanna push dope.
i just wanna live I just wanna maintain.
like a bullet to the brain.
gotta play the game like a chess board.
if yah wanna go to war gotta bring yah best sword.
i feel like Im going crazy like I need a psych ward.
think my mind playing tricks on me like a Geto Boy.
feel like I need to murder em in the moment I deploy.
everybody anybody somebody fill the void somebody fill the void.
listen I dont wanna work a job motherfuck a 9 to 5.
every time I get a check what I really get Robbed.
livin in America this shit is a facade.
but you gotta push through and persevere word to God.
tryna find a home but I cant afford a home.
cause Im 25 and owe a hunnid grand in student loans.
tryna get healthcare but Im on welfare.
man I swear to god I wish I was living in Bel Air.
fuck Medicaid I just wanna get paid.
wit a couple bad bitches at the crib gettin laid.
thats what Im taught by the media.
television tellin my vision to get greedier.
come now everybody stay tune like TPain.
operate the drive in yah mind like a keychain.
come now folk get woke stay woke.
cause the white man want the black man stay broke.
fuck that Im finna buck back.
but not wit bullets Ima use my education to the fullest.
ima get out of debt Ima reset.
ima get out of debt Ima reset.
do whatever you gotta do whenever to live.
but you gotta remember to give back when you get that When you finally get to the top and you hit that pinnacle.
i aint being cynical Im just being real.
i believe that everybody feel everybody feel listen up Everybody over here.
i promise to God on everything it aint nothing to fear Anybody that can hear just fight.
fight for the right.
fight for ya life.
fight for what you believe is right.
fight for what you believe is right.
everybody fight.
everybody fight.
matter fact everybody beautiful.
but right what now I need.
black people to just fight fight for ya right fight for ya life.
black people just fight fight for the right fight for ya life.
black people are beautiful incredible amazing.
black people intelligent so elegant its crazy.
black people sit back just love and adore.
black people one thing that I can be sure.
black people are beautiful amazing incredible.
black people are beautiful amazing incredible.
black people get up get up get up get up.
black people get up get up get up get up.
black people get up get up get up get up.
black people get up get up get up get up.
come on get up everybody everybody.
black people get up get up get up get up Black people.
come on get up everybody everybody.
black people get up get up get up get up Black people.
come on get up everybody everybody.
black people get up get up get up get up Black people.
come on get up everybody everybody.
black people get up get up get up get up Black people.
come on get up everybody everybody.
black people get up get up get up get up Black people.
come on get up everybody everybody.
black people get up get up get up get up Black people.
come on get up everybody everybody.
black people get up get up get up get up Black people.
come on get up everybody everybody.
black people get up get up get up get up Black people.
come on get up everybody everybody.
black people get up get up get up get up Black people.
come on get up everybody everybody.
black people get up get up get up get up Black people.
everybody everybody Black.

mind Of Logic.
music Shows Relationships Fame Happiness Music Fortune Staying humble Music Fans Grinding Shows Music Touring Money Faith Music God Fear Bills Friends Enemies Family Music.

uh.
ayy.
yeah.
are you ready.
logic.

step into the mind of a young man.
and if you dont then I dont really give a damn.
all I wanna do is make you understand.
but if you dont wanna listen I guess you aint a part of the plan.
sorry if I digress.
all I ever wanted was to be the best.
through lyricism that put your mind to the test.
stayin up late night no rest.
feelin bulletproof no vest but I confess.
my minds a mess living in a world of stress I digest.
but I gotta keep grinding.
cause everyday success what Im finding.
and I dont give a damn if you hate on me.
cause when I blow what you gon say homie.
heh not a goddamn thing.
but thats enough of that Ima let my home girl sing.
knocked down round for round.
youre feeling like youre shot down on the ground.
you might be knocked down round for round.
youre feeling like youre shot down on the ground.

all I think about is music.
dont get me wrong I think.
about other things but this is how I fuse it.
so the whole wide world can use it.
when you feel like you just might lose it.
take a breath homie dont confuse it.
take a step in the mind of Logic.
as long as you dont abuse it.
so let me break it down for the whole world.
like I broke it down for my old girl.
i cant deal with your bullshit.
no more gotta let it go let it unfurl.
cause I remember the time.
when I was living sublime wanted to make a living off of my rhymes.
but the whole world told me never mind.
im a star how could I not shine.
knocked down round for round.
youre feeling like youre shot down on the ground.
you might be knocked down round for round.
youre feeling like youre shot down on the ground.
i just wanna take it to another level.
that I never even been on so I can sit on.
every single piece of paper that I put a pen on.
and when I been on for like ten years.
ima do it better than anybody before me.
so the whole wide world will adore me aint no need to assure me.
and if you wonder why Im rapping so fast.
its cause I gotta lot of things on my mind.
that wanna come out at the same time.
in other words Im racin.
i used to pursue my dreams.
but now theyre reality and thats what Im chasin.
why are we on this Earth.
why must we feel pain.
why does everybody feel the need.
to judge one another when were all the same.
knocked down round for round.
youre feeling like youre shot down on the ground.
you might be knocked down round for round.
youre feeling like youre shot down on the ground.

one Day.
and maybe one day Ill be wiser.
cause maybe one day Ill be further from here.
put all of my faith in tomorrow dark days keep me up all night.
only thing I know its gonna be alright.

you ever wonder what it means to make it by any means and finally attain your dreams.
on the come up where they run up from the world of many fiends.
i been at it since a teen get this money get the cream.
hard work and sacrifice but not a lot know what I mean.
most these rappers aint got no class like bomb threats.
and bein ill is a disease its the onset.
and it dont matter where you at if you white or if you black.
if you rich or you poor we gon always want more.
but one thing I can be sure as long as I got the floor.
ima use this power to paint a picture of unity.
and yeah Im rippin it up with that energy like its two of me.
fuck the lights and the cameras right now its just you and me.

like Sinatra said you know Im finna do it my way.
you on the road to success I took the highway.
and maybe one day Ill be wiser.
cause maybe one day Ill be further from here.
put all of my faith in tomorrow dark days keep me up all night.
only thing I know its gonna be alright.

feelin blessed like Im at mass yeah Im comin for that ass.
game been broken for too long so I guess I am the cast.
left my Section 8 crib finally found some greener grass.
so ahead of my time I wasnt born in the past.
this right here a doubleheader with Logic and Ryan Tedder.
oh no it cant get no better.
and you know we know we do it for the children.
i never thought Id see the day I made a million.
couple dozen later feel like everybody feel em.
i aint mean to boast in that last line.
but countin moneys always been my favorite pastime.
especially with a past like mine.
drugs in the household never had a hand to hold.
even when I was homeless in the blisterin cold but I made it out.
and if I can you can no doubt I know.

and maybe one day Ill be wiser.
cause maybe one day Ill be further from here.
put all of my faith in tomorrow dark days keep me up all night.
only thing I know its gonna be alright.

everybody tryna kill my light.
everybody tryna kill my light.
i keep tryna tell myself that tomorrows different weather.

and maybe one day Ill be wiser.
cause maybe one day Ill be farther from here.
put all of my faith in tomorrow dark days keep me up all night.
only thing I know its gonna.

man i is.
knockin doors down showin parts around.
ima come through and show my wood pine.
knockin knockin doors down showin parts around.
ima Ima come through and show my wood pine Ima Ima come.
knockin doors knockin knockin doors down down.
knockin doors knock knock knock knock knockin doors down.
imaIma come through Ima Ima come down.

paper chasin on occasion.
west Deer Park thats my location.
life and death what we was facin.
boy gotta get that motivation.
back in the basement.
look at my idols Im feelin adjacent.
doin the shit that I wish I was doing Im feelin impatient.
throwin parties and catching cases.
thats the life but that shit basic.
ive cooked crack I cant erase it.
if I could would not replace it.
grew up all alone.
had to teach myself to tie my laces.
whats the deal.
ima play the field.
rattpack we keep it real.
nothin but love for the people that paved the way.
so a brother like me he can get it today.
antoine Erykah and 3K.
cant forget those aint here today.
rIP JD and Pimp C.
payin respect so dont hold it against me.
devil he callin me he love to tempt me.
god exempt me why you sent me here.
what I think about year to year.
what Ive been through these people only see through a peephole yeah.
not a single one got an idea.
so I write it down on this page.
feel like Im 35 times my age.
look in the mirror dont know what to say.
but Im happy the man I is.
yeah yeah.
i said Im happy the man I is.
and Im proud of the man Ive become.
im proud that Im from a slum.
and never got cold I never got numb.
except for the wintertime and then some.
i transcend and I transform.
poetic vision in rare form.
growing up nobody there for him.
i promise when I have a family Ima be there for em.
i love hiphop.
hatin motherfucker go kick rocks.
no matter what happen I never gon stop.
like Cole said if they dont know yo dreams.
then they cant shoot em down.
but Ima let the world know.
cause Im too high up to hit the ground.
this shit right here is like therapy spit it verily.
i aint perfect I got problems I got issues like People magazine.
shoot from the hip and reload the magazine.
i wish I could just go on forever forever ever and ever.
but this rhyme.
ill as it is divine.
gon be cut short today cause Im out of studio time.
only thought I was recording these horns and not no rhyme.
what can I say Inspiration hits at any time.
so I guess Ill have to conclude all my thoughts another time.
another rhyme.
another Ano i wo a rhyme.
anime such as Cowboy Bebop.
trigun and Samurai Champloo.
were in constant rotation.
during the making of this.

slave.
heyoh heyoh heyeyoh.
heyoh hey that heyoh heyoh hey.

east side west side we ride we die all for this.
oh my my I know why I cant fall for this.
all my life I tried I cried got pride in this.
all my life Id hide I stayed inside for this.

tell me what you know about forty days forty nights.
no lights all for this.
tell me what you know about sleeping outside.
no ride in the wintertime all for this.
tell me what you know about commas in the bank.
lookin in the mirror yeah I did all of this.
tell me what you know about family never there.
but swear they deserve all of this.
tell me what you know about people tryna test you.
dont wanna get involved with this.
x you out you get solved with this.
everybody gotta evolve with this.
like bitch I bet I be at the place I said Id be.
legendary like No ID.
you know I be duckin every ho I see.
cause Im out of this world and I know I be like.
east side west side we ride we die all for this.
oh my my I know why I cant fall for this.
all my life I tried I cried got pride in this.
all my life Id hide I stayed inside for this.

living as a black man in the skin of the white man.
everybody wanna fight man and I put it on my right hand.
goddamn its all for this.
i just wanna make the world a better place.
fuck race and the shade in my face.
looking for the sun but the shade in my face.
best in my field Im a slave to the race.
black motherfucker white motherfucker.
i dont give a damn what you is can you write motherfucker.
said I couldnt do it said I wouldnt do it.
i just made a million in a month aight motherfucker.
i did everything I said Id ever do and to you I still aint shit.
aight motherfucker.
runnin around the world yelling PLP.
but as a last resort we gon fight motherfucker like.

east side west side we ride we die all for this.
oh my my I know why I cant fall for this.
all my life I tried I cried got pride in this.
all my life Id hide I stayed inside for this.
heyoh heyoh heyeyoh.
heyoh hey that heyoh heyoh hey.

dadBod.
yeah yeah.
hahaha.
ayy.

chillin with the homies at the crib.
bumpin Pac Div this the life I live you aint know about it.
hit the studio with No ID.
make a couple platinum records in that bitch and then I dip up out it.
on the 101 my wife text me.
talkin bout You gotta get home feed your son girl dont trip about it.
walk up in with apple sauce and broccoli.
little Bobby better eat your greens boy dont give me lip about it.

im a dad this my life.
this the type of shit I write.
i was hungry in the basement now that boy he full of life.
smoking dope high as a kite.
only when that babysitter at the crib though.
take my shorty to Nobu and dig up in her rib though ayy yeah.
cause back in my day it was food stamps.
and I love my wife like I am Chance.
i bet youd rap about the shit me and him rap about.
if you had ever made it out but you aint never had the chance.
uh uh circumstance.
uh uh way of life.
uh uh my decisions.
uh uh made em right.
chillin with the homies at the crib.
bumpin Pac Div this the life I live you aint know about it.
hit the studio with No ID.
make a couple platinum records in that bitch and then I dip up out it.
on the 101 my wife text me.
talkin bout You gotta get home feed your son girl dont trip about it.
walk up in with apple sauce and broccoli.

ive upgraded while they waited will they love it will they hate it.
who gives a fuck though.
rappers praying they next this shit is cutthroat.
im livin on another planet.
my manic depression make me constantly wanna panic.
im stressing on stage pretendin everybody undressing.
i think Ill never learn my lesson but fuck it all it doesnt matter.
ayo Im on a lyrical poetic rhetoric.
lyrical miracle satirical shit.
if you dont like my conscious rap you wont like my material shit.
love him or hate him everybody know Logic can spit.
used to be up to date on that rap political shit.
but nowadays Im up to my elbows.
and every single inch of my body in my babys shit.
i could tell you more about diapers than modern rappers in cyphers.
i used to be about the BRabbits and Mekhi Phifers.
hit the stage grip the mic and murder you like a prolifer.
but Im done now I got a son now.
fuck the rap game Im done now.
chillin with the homies at the crib.
bumpin Pac Div this the life I live you aint know about it.
hit the studio with No ID.
make a couple platinum records in that bitch and then I dip up out it.
on the 101 my wife text me.
talkin bout You gotta get home feed your son girl dont trip about it.
walk up in with apple sauce and broccoli.
little Bobby better eat your greens boy dont give me lip about it.

they say that that boy done changed.
he dont rap about his everyday life he aint the same.
goddamn already had a hard life once.
am I supposed to recreate it every album for you cunts Okay.
you want to hear about my everyday.
i wake up I wake my son up then I feed him.
and lead him into his car seat.
drive up the street down to Target.
dont do hard drugs or beat my wife.
but the paparazzi still wanna start shit.
i dont answer their questions I leave em in the dark bitch.
then I walk through the automatic doors.
a couple fans spot me but shit I aint on tour.
i aint trying to ignore her.
but I head to aisle four cause my drawers stank as fuck.
and I need some new drawers.
asking for a pic and I say sure.
scratch my dick and shake his hand.
shaking uncontrollably he tells me Im the man.
now Im headed to aisle three for some Bounty paper towels.
i also grab some wet wipes to clean the shit from my bowels.
a really hot girl walks by with a fat ass.
but Im just wondering if Hefty really holds the most trash.
forgot my card at home thank God I brought some cash.
then I grab some Preparation H for the critics up my ass.
head to aisle five for some Sgt Smash cereal.
is this want you wanted everyday life material.
im not a kid anymore and be sure shits boring.
made it out the basement now my bank account soaring.
most exciting part of my life is probably touring.
dont get me wrong I love fans in every single city.
but hotels suck and the internet is shitty.
i mean why rap about everyday shit.
when I could murder punch lines and sound dope like this.
chillin with the homies at the crib.
bumpin Pac Div this the life I live you aint know about it.
hit the studio with No ID.
make a couple platinum records in that bitch and then I dip up out it.
on the 101 my wife text me.
talkin bout You gotta get home feed your son girl dont trip about it.
walk up in with apple sauce and broccoli.
little Bobby better eat your greens boy dont give me lip about it.

hello no one is available to take your call.
please leave a message after the tone.
bro call me back.
we couldnt get the fuckin Super  sample cleared again so fuckin annoying bro.
but honestly I just say that we chop up the Toro y Moi joint.
that we were gonna put on Ultra 85.
and just like flip fuckin freak the shit outta that joint.
i think it could be crazy.
call me back Ima chop it up on the MPC.
here I.

walk on By.
alright for the real hiphop mothafuckas you know what Im sayin.
its a nice night in LA.
were recordin this mixtape and shit workin on the album at the same time you know what Im sayin.
visionary boy.

who would have thought that painting pictures bout being broke.
would get me riches like dealing coke.
like big brother used to do so we could stay afloat.
i heard them guns outside my window them gangsters would tote.
thought about the life I wanted picked up the pen and then wrote.
while they was firing you could hear sirens.
from people dialing 911 crying in the phone.
i was in the zone trying to make a living.
heading to work in the morning.
everyday felt like I was mourning as my dream was deceased.
until I quit my job then my work ethic increased.
elevated to levels I aint ever seen.
stacking this cream living the American dream now.
im going crazy I aint slept in days.
dreaming of Michael Jordan money like I slept in Js.
always shouting out my team cause I get all the praise.
but they the ones that motivate me on depressing days.
see Im from Maryland where cats draw gats like animation.
from the smallest altercation that can lead to termination.
with a rapper on every corner like the rest of the nation.
passing bars back and forth like legal examinations.
as a youngin I was running wild.
me and my homies skipping school puffing on that loud.
doing shit just to do it cause we wasnt allowed.
i thought I understood the world but I was still a child yeah.
now when my mama was at home drinking thinking bout the bills.
i was dreaming bout the mills running round looking for thrills.
i guess this is how it feels when your memory spills onto the page.
and paints a picture of another age.
back in West Deer Park chilling with shorties after dark.
cause when the sun is down the police always want us down.
til we get older and hustle now they tryna gun us down.
we just trying to make a living off of what weve been given.
wassup.
walk on by.
walk on by.
walk on.

they call me Logic yeah thats LOGIC.
i aint wrapped up in them bitches I just write bout shit I see.
cause these lyrics set me free fuck the world let me be.
and when I feel like I cant write thats when I hit the MPC.
my talent limitless but time is limited so listen up.
if you cant see the shit I see you better get your vision up.
im the king watch me reign born to rule my domain.
album aint even in stores they tryna sue me for my name.
shit insane so berserk never complained I just work.
chasing after my dreams like them high school skirts.
back as a youngin spitting game tryna get the nut in.
living life to the fullest cause them little things aint nothing.
my flow unkillable when I be murdering syllables.
but I take my time slow it down check the rhyme.
perfectionist to the dime from the womb to the tomb.
i be rapping til Im dying doing everything I love.
thats the life of a don skipping school sipping liquor.
tryna get this money quicker bad bitches good weed.
thats the type of shit I need.
lyrics bleed from my mind state.
elevate my mind and watch it rise like the crime rate.
cause sometimes I be high and sometimes I be low.
and sometimes I do shit I thought Id never do before.
my life is like a movie role thats starring me got these women on me.
i hit the club with all my homies and the drinks is on me.
at the crib with the shorty that I met at the spot.
pretty eyes nice lips Grey Goose what she sips.
both my hands on her hips til she put em on her tits.
freak bitch want the dick biting on her finger tip.
i only fuck with nice girls I never do this type of shit.
im thinking bout hitting it raw shit I must be wildin out.
but that pussy wet as hell I think its time to end the drought.
then again she could be burning and thats not what Im about.
so I dipped out to live another day and die another night.
cause when Im gone that aint gon be the song that they recite.
what up.
my Jedi powers are far beyond yours.
you have interfered with our affairs for the last.

never Enough.
when that liquor get po up.
and that green get roll up.
when them sets get throwed up.
im like nah man hol up.
yea we bout it sho nuff.
better hope they dont call my bluff.
cause my mind is going crazy.
this shit is never enough.

when that liquor get po up.
and that green get roll up.
when them sets get throwed up.
im like nah man hol up.
yea we bout it sho nuff.
better hope they dont call my bluff.
cause my mind is going crazy.
this shit is never enough.

never enough never enough never enough.
this shit is never enough.

never enough never enough never enough.
this shit is never enough.
not even not even not even not enough.
not even not even not even not enough.
not even not even not even not enough.
not even not even not even not enough.

crush a bit little bit roll it up take a hit.
at the party with my homies walk up and they play my shit.
on the road tickets sold didnt have to sell my soul.
visionary in this bitch and domination is the goal.
where you stay every day just got my crib in LA.
never play we been at it way before that IDJ.
never seems to be enough when money is the motive cuh.
bitches on my dick dont give a fuck yall must not know whats up.
in the cut we dont give a fuck we just trying to cut.
line em up if they say they bout it then well sign em up.
rattpack thats a fact basic bitch cant fuck with that.
where you at Thats what they be asking I say on the map.
who we are the coolest motherfuckers on the planet.
drop that new shit just cause they demand it.
living like we got it cause we get it.
do it just to say we fucking did it.
who we are the coolest motherfuckers on the planet.
drop that new shit just cause they demand it.
living like we got it cause we get it.
do it just to say we fucking did it.

when that liquor get po up.
and that green get roll up.
when them sets get throwed up.
im like nah man hol up.
yea we bout it sho nuff.
better hope they dont call my bluff.
cause my mind is going crazy.
this shit is never enough.

never enough never enough never enough.
this shit is never enough.

not even not even not even not enough.

this album was created over the span of one year However the majority of the album was recorded in only two.

the High Life.
seem like my whole life changed in the last year.
at parties with legends like What the fuck Im doing here.
waiting for someone to say What the fuck you doing here.
until I realized I belonged and had nothing to fear.
who wouldve thought I would mingle with celebrity singles.
in a room full of Grammy winners discussing they singles.
some people love you some people hate you.
some people need you some people act like they know you.
but they cant even read you.
the effort I put into music is still the same amount.
cause aint a damn thing changed except the bank account.
i remember the day I got my advance money.
im talkin so much bread this shitll make you dance money.
whats the first thing I did.
got my team out the way and then I got myself a crib.
my boy Lenny gave me a place to stay for a year.
put food in my stomach I had nothing to fear.
and once that 365 was up I told him to quit his job.
and gave him a new career.
so many rappers on that stupid superstar shit.
but I plan to eat with the people I starved with.
ive made money Ive lost money Ive spent money.
ive slept outside due to lack of the rent money.
ive been in love been happy been through a lot of pain.
cause what the fuck is sunshine without a little rain.
and love is like leaves in the fall.
cause some people get scared and leave when you fall.
speaking of which I met this girl the other day.
the type of girl that make the pain fade away.
and I have a feeling she gon be my next.
cause she make me forget all about my ex.
im talking something thats deeper than just sex.
but I dont want her to be the third letter in the word next.
old soul in the sea of love.
im just not current none of the above.
and man fuck all that depressing shit.
lets get this money and fuck these bitches.
you know what Im sayin.
sike nah all of yall just know that Im playin.
cause all the money you possess aint what makes you a man.
big shot tough guy blow 100 grand.
but you still in the same place damn.
but man the world is so fascinating.
ambition got these girls gravitating.
and honestly it strokes the ego.
but beautiful women aint good for nothing.
except procrastinating.
i got a show in Paris coming up.
followed by London Ima tear it up.
so many people just dont care enough.
analyzing faces in the crowd staring up.
whats the difference between me and them.
how come I aint in the crowd at they show seeing them.
what that guy see in me that he aint see in him.
cause honestly I see no difference between me and him.
we all people all equal we all the same.
lookin for control tryna play the game.
we all got issues just different magazines.
we all sleep but have different dreams.
however once youre awake and your life aint what it seems.
and thats the reason Im living within my own dream.
hell yeah fuck em all like Im runnin from the law.
haters probably think they phase me Im like no not at all.
im too high up now to fall.
like a sphere bitch I ball.
never asked me where my team at.
cause you know I brought em all.
and if youre looking for a problem then we can get it solved.
i just kill them with kindness keep it peace and it dissolve.
you got bitches I got Bobby Soxer girls that be ride or die.
a shawty on another level let me catch a vibe.
super bad girl IQ is in the sky.
she graduated cum laude your bitch went to DeVry.
god damn oh girl she a go getta.
at the party takin shots like a Beretta.
doing anything and everything to feel better.
and now she in the crib getting high like a falsetto.
how you feeling I be yelling.
why these motherfuckers grilling.
and she give me life cause Im making a killing.
bring it down do it slow show me how that really go.
girl Im new in town I dont really know.
they be like when you gonna tell me that you love me.
i be like Bitch I gotta hit the studio ho.
now she got me on the crib talkin that she wanna do it.
condom on the dresser looking at me like aint nothing to it.
thinking should I do it though I dont even know the ho.
i dont even know the ho I dont even know the ho.
sayin Ohh mama I made it.
ohh mama I made it.
you cannot tell me no.
but the young boy made a way.
ohohoh ohohoh ohohoh.
i said ohoh.

boomTrap Protocol.
let me get up in this bitch like Whats good ho.
grippin this grain I spit to release the pain.
pimpin aint a thang whats good.
hold up let me get it right I been contemplating life.
i been grindin on a fight I been writin on a flight.
roll up on em like that Backwood.
better act good or get smacked good.
im just tryna live life Im just tryna get right.
anybody got advice.
i know Im a workaholic but everybody got a vice.
i leave em diminished.
and I do not know if you know.
that I am so ahead of my time.
that my whole motherfuckin discographys already finished.
the greatest alive bitch I been it.
now go on your business can I get a witness.
been smoking and drinking a little bit.
theres levels to the litness.

pull up with that newnew in the driveway.
so fresh I double park that bitch sideways.
when it comes to life I do it my way.
smoked out 180 on the highway.
yeah Im sittin shotgun.
gotta let my shawty drive.
im too alive leave that pussy crucified.
its just you and I.
you know its doordie.
its just you and I.
girl you know its doordie.
doordie.
its doordie.
its doordie.
yeah this shit right here doordie.
its doordie.

hold up wait a minute bring it right back.
mix that real with that turn up call it BoomTrap.
i aint heard no shit like this in so long.
i dont know how this right here could go wrong.
this is my theme song me and my teams song.
i got millions in the bank because my dreams strong.
i dont sip the syrup I got friends to lean on.
but I get my green on yes I get my green on.
pull up in this bitch and smoke a O.
like woah goddamn.
yeah that boy he been on the low.
about to blow about to show.
about to show em I dont know em.
i dont know em no I dont know em.
i dont know I dont.
i vibe wit em I ride wit em.
if they down wit me you know I die wit em.
pull up with that newnew in the driveway.
so fresh I double park that bitch sideways.
when it comes to life I do it my way.
smoked out 180 on the highway.
yeah Im sittin shotgun.
gotta let my shawty drive.
im too alive leave that pussy crucified.
its just you and I.
you know its doordie.
its just you and I.
girl you know its doordie.

doordie.
its doordie.
its doordie.
yeah this shit right here doordie.
its doordie.

tic Tac Toe.
im bout to get it right now.
all these muhfuckers wonder how.
all the pretty girls love the style.
and they wonder if he well endowed.
on stage tryna feel my dick from the crowd.
im bout to get it right now.
all these muhfuckers wonder how.
all the pretty girls love the style.
and they wonder if he well endowed.
on stage tryna feel my dick from the crowd.

come on baby girl tell me what you want I got what you need.
said she independent so dont get offended if she leave.
i said I wont get offended Ill just get some Fendi.
and repress my emotions in material shit that can be a distraction.
pussy and money sometimes I feel the satisfaction.
till I spend that bread and bust that nut and now Im back son.
after the damage is done.
rearrange the game and let em know your name.

right now.
all these muhfuckers wonder how.
all the pretty girls love the style.
and they wonder if he well endowed.
on stage tryna feel my dick from the crowd.
im bout to get it right now.
all these muhfuckers wonder how.
all the pretty girls love the style.
and they wonder if he well endowed.
on stage tryna feel my dick from the crowd.
sinatra.
you know the drill come on you know the deal.
if my shorty acting up I wife swap like Uncle Phil.
moving at the speed of sound lets slow it down and keep it trill.
yeah we keep it real kill em with kindness and not the steel.
yeah we livin it up you know that this is my everything Im never givin it up.
and now I feel like I wanna keep going my cards never showing dont know whats inhand.
i love my fans but this here girl want me tell me Im the man I know I am.
but never acknowledge it.
touring the country Im loving these colleges.
touching more pussy than a gynecologist.
study her body like Im a biologist with no apology.
baby girl follow me.
she got low blow my kiss of criminology.
and she be loving the way I be flowing.
and I know the infatuation is growing.
if you catchin feelings you better be slowin it down.
cause we both know what happens when that love come around.
you feelin me Im feelin you I want you to be mine.
maybe one day it will be but I dont have the time.

right now.
all these motherfuckers wonder how.
all the pretty girls love the style.
and they wonder if he well endowed.
on stage tryna feel my dick from the crowd.
im bout to get it right now.
all these muhfuckers wonder how.
all the pretty girls love the style.
and they wonder if he well endowed.
on stage tryna feel my dick from the crowd.
shorty say she love me and she know every word.
to every song on every mixtape.
when your album droppin Tell me which date.
everything you say to me I can relate.
the fact that we met right here right now on this night it must be fate.
now Ill be damned time moves so fast.
couple months back I had a meeting with my last.
reminiscing bout love discussing matters of the past.
looking in them eyes but Im thinking bout that ass.
i took her for coffee she took me for granted.
now I show no emotion and my shorty cant stand it.
im on my grind I keep my exes in line like tictactoe.
and I finally got em all up out my vision.
however Im all they see when they turn on the television.

right now.
all these muhfuckers wonder how.
all the pretty girls love the style.
and they wonder if he well endowed.
on stage tryna feel my dick from the crowd.
right now.
all these muhfuckers wonder how.
all the pretty girls love the style.
and they wonder if he well endowed.

hit My Line.
okay.
okay.
okay.
okay.
okay.

i think its gonna be a good day.
homie got the nine in the glove and he dont play.
had a lot of hard times but its okay.
i think its gonna be a good day.
homie got the nine in the glove and he dont play.
had a lot of hard times but its okay.

im feelin normal yeah Im feelin myself.
feelin good yeah Im feelin my health.
got a couple plaques up on my shelf.
money in the safe at the crib just to feel my wealth.
think Im gonna put it all on the line.
i think Im really gonna do it this time.
i think I got a whole lot on my mind.
now I aint sayin this my Jesus Walks.
im just sayin God I need to talk.
too many kids in the community outlined in chalk.
scared of drivebys when they should just be scared of the dark.
whos really doin they part.
they say they dont want messages in rap it ruins the art.
well here I am people yeah now tear me apart.
so much happenin in the world I cant touch on every topic.
i know You hear it in my voice make the devil stop it.
too many people dyin and baby mamas cryin.
its been a long time God can You hit my line.
evil politicians people on Twitter bitchin.
hashtaggin but in real life they never pitch in.
i came with conviction I hope You came to listen.
no matter how much I ignore it this message my mission.
god hit my line this world is in critical condition.
like a fiend that need fixin that done battled addiction.
been addicted to money been addicted to fame.
addicted to arenas and people screamin my name.
but its time to let go its time to make a change.
so can You hit my line I know You hear this rhyme.
but come to think of it You probably hear this all the time.
probably hear this all the time.

i think its gonna be a good day.
homie got the nine in the glove and he dont play.
had a lot of hard times but its okay.
i think its gonna be a good day.
homie got the nine in the glove and he dont play.
had a lot of hard times but its okay.
im feelin normal yeah Im feelin myself.
feelin good yeah Im feelin my health.
got a couple plaques up on my shelf.
money in the safe at the crib just to feel my wealth.
think Im gonna put it all on the line.
i think Im really gonna do it this time.
i think I got a whole lot on my mind.
somebody tell God right now He need to hit my line.


this album was written over the course of one week.
and mainly created in just four studio sessions between Logic and No ID.
but perfected over the course of the year that.

relaxation.
relax yourself girl please settle down.
relax yourself girl please settle down.
relax yourself girl please settle down.
relax yourself girl please settle down.
yeah alright yo.

couple days ago I met the illest latina.
her demeanor was unexplainable you shoulda seen her.
thick thighs nice ass.
body like an hourglass.
didnt hesitate to break a brother neck.
second she passed I was like Whats up.
to which she replied How you doin.
i said De nada momma but your beauty Im pursuin.
and I said Im about to win the lottery.
she asks How.
i said Your seven digits right now and made her smile.
now we conversing and she feelin my style.
i can tell by the way she talkin.
that she down to go the mile.
had a couple drinks now we headed back to her place.
the shade of red from her lipstick all over my face.
im tryin to hit it split it.
baby girl you gonna let me get it.
she said Hold up ok I dont get down like that.
i said I know beautiful girl.
but I get down like that.
so let me heat it up eat it up.
go crazy and beat it up.
damn Papi how you even know I like it rough.
the way you was feelin on me.
when kissing revealed enough.
i wanna scratch you provoke you.
bite you choke you.
but just a little bite your legs.
dig up in the middle.
hold up wait a secondNigga you gotta condom.
come on beautiful girl of course Ive got protection.
i stay with Magnums and I aint talkin Smith and Wesson.
i keep undressin.
girl Im about to teach you a lesson.
after I hit it she says.
bobby I have a confession I think I love you.
i said What the fuck.
thinkin to myself Damn I shoulda never cuff.
kissed her on the cheek.
hit the lights then she fell asleep.
so I snuck out the bathroom window on the creep like.
relax yourself girl please settle down.
relax yourself girl please settle down.
relax yourself girl please settle down.
relax yourself girl please settle down.

yeah yeah yo.
now Im out the door.
downtown is where Im about to go.
got a meeting with my boy Chris about a dope show.
so I hail a cab jump in but so does some girl.
beautiful pretty eyes with luxurious curls.
i said No fair.
she smiled and said Why dont we share.
what a success lookin at her chest.
thinkin if her breasts was a test she would fail.
fresh tip nails.
type of ass make a brother train of thought derail.
as we converse I could tell that she feelin my style.
get the pussy wet thats the mission.
as long as she listen to my words.
feelin on the curves.
only lips Im thinkin bout kissin is hers.
i can barely fight the urge.
only thing that matter right now.
is these two verbs.
im talkin me and you.
so fine Id think Id start seeing you.
her body was a work of art like Hieroglyphics.
too much detail to go into specifics.
now Im diggin shorty.
like an archeologist tryin a bone.
searchin for a queen to take the throne.
the type of girl to love.
and call her my own.
looking for a bachelorette.
baby maybe you can persuade me.
to give you love you couldnt imagine yet.
kiss you on the neck then I sedate the pussy like a vet.
got the shorty rollin like a movie set.
take her to the Rio.
im not talking about Gburg.
im talking De Janeiro spend dinero like its reverb.
expansion.
couple kids runnin round the mansion.
day dreamin getting ahead of my self.
advancin but come on girl.
now come and give me love.
i know we just met but romance is like a drug.
you know we go together.
like sympathy and hugs.
so I write this girl a symphony.
and tell her that I love her everything.
girl I love your everything.
you know I love your everything.
i said I love your everything.
yeah love your everything.
girl I love your.

as I Am.
alright run it.
i know what its like.
to be all all depressed.
and not wanna go out and.
and live life man.
thats not healthy man.
you cant be living like that whats wrong with you.
hi.
yeah hey you yeah you.
yeah yeah uhhuh.
i know you been feeling down.
theres somethings pissing you off.
and somethings wrong you know what.
were gonna Im gonna cheer you up.
im gonna help you out.
just go ahead and just.
and just listen alright.
here we go.

hi there hey friend how are you.
cheer on up you superstar you.
dont let them try you.
fuck that shit dont let them deny you.
cause youre gonna make it some day.
and youre gonna make it some way.
no more waitin for the bus.
and no more riding on the subway.
live life how you want to.
so get on up now go get out there.
face your fears no need to be scared.
you better rebel.
and if they hate you give em hell.
no more hiding in your shell.
cause we are not defined.
by how hard we fall.
so dust yourself off and stand tall.
cause you can make it.
of this Im sure.
just spread your wings and you will soar.
i know.
i know know that Im gonna blow.
you away.
and when I wake up.
im gonna shake up the fuckin world.
and youre gonna love me.
and not a single one of you can tell me no.
ohh yeah.

ima go where nobody before me has gone.
and I know that the journey is gonna be long.
livin life like a mademan like a don.
i was in the dark but now all the lights on.
its real hard on the rise to fame.
cause everybodys mad and youre the one to blame.
and just last year you didnt know my name  Logic.
now they all demand it.
used to hate me and I cant stand it.
cause now you love me you so damn manic.
said Ill never make it said Ill fail.
my ship would sink.
but motherfucker I sailed.
i know Im gonna prevail.
eyes on the prize right on my trail.
middle finger to the haters that are on my tail.
cause I got heart boy I got spunk.
feelin just like Jordan before the dunk.
and if you fuck around Ima put you in the trunk.
ha Im just playin around.
oow.
i know.
i know know that Im gonna blow.
you away.
and when I wake up.
im gonna shake up the fuckin world.
and youre gonna love me.
and not a single one of you can tell me no.
ohh yeah.

i swear to God that I love the life I live.
and Im grateful for every breath it gives.
i remember thinkin somethings gotta give.
new day but it all just feels the same.
no clouds but I can feel the rain.
til I came across my own name.
i wasnt in control of my destiny.
feelin empty thinkin Wheres the rest of me.
i gotta make it but I need the recipe.
only then will I find the best of me.
i didnt wanna listen didnt give a fuck.
i was so selfish I was so stuck.
cleanin up food for a little buck.
then I quit that livin on luck.
i was so lost at what cost.
why be the worker when you could be the boss.
still doin wrong tryna live right.
get my mind righteous man what a fight.
shit gettin tight man that aint right.
and my girl left so I just might.
so I just might.
go home to where the wild things roam and the.
happiness last and the.
haters kiss my ass.
go home to where the wild things roam and the.
happiness last and the.
haters kiss my.

beggin.
yeah yeah yeah Ima get it right now and never will I give up.
homie this is food for thought you better fill up.
im coming in strong but this song aint very long.
so I gotta make you understand before the beat is gone.
homie you are not alone we are in the zone.
we are in The Matrix full of that fake shit.
make you wanna grab the gat and go apeshit.
living in a world of lies I cant take it.
needed someone to save me Needed someone to hug me.
needed a whole world but nobody would love me.
and I learned from this that people wanna buck me.
and Ive learned from this to put no one above me.
i said I cant take it I know Im gonna make it.
i know Im not normal but I gotta fake it.
i swear Im not cocky I am just confident.
that when I step on the stage I am dominant and now I am beggin.

beggin beggin you.
put your loving hand out baby.
beggin beggin you.
put your loving hand out darling.

sick of living in the dark so Im begging for the light.
feeling like Im in a fight every single time a write.
cause I gotta make sure that they hear me right.
told me that I couldnt do it so when I pick up the mic.
i gotta kill it with something so real that when they hear it.
they can feel whats in my soul.
lyrical cokehead yeah homie I gotta blow.
but first they gotta know who I is.
so Im begging for recognition on the mission just to do it big.
cause I aint new to this Im true to this.
thinking Ima stand up and roll out homie thats ludicrous.
not here to play no games Im here to stay and make a change.
in major ways so I remain up in the studio for days and days.
spittin out these razor blades dont wanna place no blame.
but without you I couldnt get to where Im heading.
so to everybody Im beggin.
beggin beggin you.
put your loving hand out baby.
beggin beggin you.
put your loving hand out darling.

yeah yeah I said this is my path dont mess with me.
i didnt choose this life it was destiny.
god tested me to find the best of me.
and I know Im going to make it even without a degree.
cause the test scores dont mean shit to me.
and when you said that I would fail it didnt get to me.
now Im beggin public masses please.
im way too proud to get down on my knees.
but Im beggin put me on the level.
fuck Illuminati thats word to the devil.
cause I am not about that I just wanna love.
i just wanna grow I just wanna learn.
the passion it burns to write this music.
im so late that I just might lose it.
but dont ever confuse it its all so worth it.
i just wanna help hiphop not hurt it.
and as for my style I dont know how to word it.
why do you even have to categorize me.
fuck it let em hate let em all despise me.
cause Im gonna take this flip it up and make this.
something that the whole world cannot imagine.
let alone fathom Im from another planet.
i swear Im not manic listen to me damn it.
my futures in your hands and so Im beggin.
beggin beggin you.
put your loving hand out baby.
beggin beggin You.
put your loving hand out darling.
beggin beggin you.
put your loving hand out baby.
beggin beggin you.
put your loving hand out.

wizard Of Oz.
bitch Ive been runnin my city like I am the Wizard of Oz.
i dont do this shit for nothin but the family and the squad.
money aint everything tell me now whats that money to a god.
if they tell you money make you better than others then somebody lied.

i just paid ten million in taxes.
fingerfuck all of them bastards way back in my GED classes.
i dont mean to stunt on they asses but Im finna stunt on they asses.
yeah Im finna stunt on they asses.
fast forward I rap for the masses from Maryland to Calabasas.
its on all this other shit thats on my mind now.
my girl said she wanna let me find out.
im way too diverse to stay in one lane.
the beat is tellin me Dont be discouraged.
i think Im the best rapper alive.
cause they tell me Im the best rapper alive.
bitch Ive been runnin my city like I am the Wizard of Oz.
i dont do this shit for nothin but the family and the squad.
money aint everything tell me now whats that money to a god.
if they tell you money make you better than others then somebody lied.

celebration.
ayy its a celebration bitches.
came a long way from bus stops and washing dishes.
from rags to bitches.
stovetop to Mastros man this shit is delicious.
people denying my past like that shit is fictitious.
im Spike Spiegel but Im known to be vicious.
i get under peoples skin like stitches.
no strings attached I just let it dissolve.
give it time and then let it resolve.
its been a minute now my style feeling infinite now.
used to people pulling me down it aint shit to me now.
dont let it get to me now.
threw out my phone they cant get to me now.
keep it humble but love to get big head.
bad bitches wanna fuck me I get money instead.
i mean whats rap without a little braggadocio.
fuck people telling me to rap just how Im supposed to.
most people wanna tell you what to do.
cause its what they wanna do if they had an opportunity to.
but too scared.
thats why they live vicariously through you.
logic what you should do is rap like.
uh uh nah Id rather not.
thats why Im in a mansion and you sleeping on a cot.
but you still study everything I drop.
too many people wanna tell you what you can and cannot.
go to school get a job get married and have kids.
people gon tell you what to do for long as you live.
break the cycle and shoot for the stars Moonwalk like Michael.
to be a leader first you gotta be a disciple.
for the beat the rhymes the streets the dimes.
you wanna try to eat motherfucker this my time.
ayy its a celebration yall celebration now.
wherever I go in the nation they celebrating my style.
wherever I go in the nation they celebrate the style.

look.
i cant front we was hyped up for some nosebleeds.
now we sitting courtside still posted in my white tee.
im a Golden State Warrior when Im spittin this.
like KD from MD thats Montrose so venomous.
you know its me Silas never jumpin for your bitch ass.
im hopping on a plane thats first class.
member back in the day we used to fast.
had no money in the bank account.
my cousin showed me pushing weight.
almost stabbed at the transit in the dead of the night.
these fucking zombies but really thats beyond me.
tryna live my dreams from everything that I seen as a young man.
so if you see me rapping know I got the upper hand.
but on the other hand you see a couple rubber bands.
and now Logic really out here makin dreams come true.
bobby Boy Records spittin thorough.
every time I grab the mic Im paintin murals.
doing shows in other countries coming back with Euros.
this that type of flow that really make your girl go.
im marvelous Im all of this.
thats why your girl all on my dick.
i make em cum boy you make em sick.
my net worth get the bank grossed out.
no ID up on the beat but 6ix he kill it no doubt.
this a revelation memories when I drive the M5 or the bus station.
i have evolved yous a motherfuckin crustacean.
what more can I say Run it back and they hit replay.
bobby Boy Records yeah we celebratin all day.

you wanna try to eat motherfucker this my time.
ayy its a celebration yall celebration now.
wherever I go in the nation they celebrating my style.
its a celebration yall celebration now.
wherever I go in the nation they celebrate the style.

logic and his crew played chess mercilessly throughout the albums.

on the Low.
swiff D.

on the low whats up with you ho.
bitches smokin dro.
bet you know.
bust like forty four.
when I spit that flow cuz we go hard.
like that shit they hustle on the boulevard.
fuck your broad.
bitch I bet I could bitch I bet I would.
on the low whats up with you ho.
bitches smokin dro.
bet you know.
bust like forty four.
when I spit that flow cuz we go hard.
like that shit they hustle on the boulevard.
fuck your broad.
bitch I bet I could bitch I bet I would.

lemme get it lemme get it lemme get it right now.
thats the shit Ive been on.
r A double T P A C K.
anybody in the way all day.
im livin my life boy you know to the fullest.
these women they love us they push us and pull us.
just me and my team takin shots without bullets.
gettin this money you know we dont bullshit.
people they love it they know the name.
i got a little change but Im still the same.
so break it down break it down.
the shit Im rockin they dont make it now.
ive got haters and they talk shit.
but thats okay Ive got real shit.
thats heartfelt make you feel shit.
but right now its time for that trill shit.
killers and murderers dealers and burglars.
round my way they never heard of you.
from that West Deer Park.
where they kill after dark but that never occur to you.
been broke dirt broke.
while my brothers was hustlin pushin that coke.
thats the life of a G but it wasnt for me.
and for real thats the reason I wrote.
on the low whats up with you ho.
bitches smokin dro.
bet you know.
bust like forty four.
when I spit that flow cuz we go hard.
like that shit they hustle on the boulevard.
fuck your broad.
bitch I bet I could bitch I bet I would.
on the low whats up with you ho.
bitches smokin dro.
bet you know.
bust like forty four.
when I spit that flow cuz we go hard.
like that shit they hustle on the boulevard.
fuck your broad.
bitch I bet I could bitch I bet I would.

on the low I be so high touchin the sky.
i got a wood so fuck the world until I die.
if you aint know its Kid Ink baby representin Alumni.
im off three shots but you aint hear the gun cock.
fat ass blunt nigga yours looks sun dried.
what it do Im on two.
tell em straight up no juice.
never goin back to the broke old days.
but Ive got a room full of retro Js.
never seen these look back at it.
i see your bank and I laugh at it.
blowin kush up like an air mattress.
one hit will leave a nigga asthmatic.
and we goin up aint nobody sober.
know that molly uncut eighteen and over.
got three chains two girls hangin over my shoulders.
give it up in one motion know that money is the motive.
on the low whats up with you ho.
bitches smokin dro.
bet you know.
bust like forty four.
when I spit that flow cuz we go hard.
like that shit they hustle on the boulevard.
fuck your broad.
bitch I bet I could bitch I bet I would.
on the low whats up with you ho.
bitches smokin dro.
bet you know.
bust like forty four.
when I spit that flow cuz we go hard.
like that shit they hustle on the boulevard.
fuck your broad.
bitch I bet I could bitch I bet I would.

my time my time is now.
i cannot wait.
they say that love it comes with hate.
when I made it out the streets.
is when that love it turned to hate.
i didnt turn up I turned away.
the time is short no time to waste.
all these niggas up in my face they aint my friends.
all these niggas up in my face they aint my friends.
ive got fam servin fiends.
and fiends I call my fam.
if you wanna keep your bitch.
then make sure she dont cross my path.
cuz if she do she see my shoes.
she peep my swag she get online.
check my background.
bitch you seen that cash.
my only motto about that money is get more.
on the low whats up with you ho.
bitches smokin dro.
bet you know.
bust like forty four.
when I spit that flow cuz we go hard.
like that shit they hustle on the boulevard.
fuck your broad.
bitch I bet I could bitch I bet I would.
on the low whats up with you ho.
bitches smokin dro.
bet you know.
bust like forty four.
when I spit that flow cuz we go hard.
like that shit they hustle on the boulevard.
fuck your broad.
bitch I bet I could bitch I bet I.

common Logic  Midnight Marauder.

may I ask in what way your life is contributing to society as you sit here day after day after day in this dark room stringing along on that stupid guitar Have you ever thought about that What are you doing for the world or for other people Day after day hour after hour night after night.
logic.

me and my homies just chillin feelin the vibes.
this the time of our lives but many dont realize.
havin visions of livin on another level never signed to the Devil.
the rebel that be fuckin round with the treble.
bumping Tribe in the system like penicillin motherfucker.
im killing spittin venomous never remember this its like a system.
say it then I do it I never missed em.
fuck em after I kissed em sit back and listen.
my chain it glisten its like Im from another dimension.
did I mention my circles smaller than an intervention.
then some beautiful women tell me Im handsome.
then I snatch they heart and make the pussy the ransom.
i fuck em until inside they belly burst.
stop it drop the beat and then we cue the verse.
spitting lyrics like how a Mac11 really disperse.
slaughter MCs and resurrect them when they in the hearse.
they say I got too many styles bitch Ive been diverse.
they scared to jump in the cipher I be all up in it first.
my apologies but if youre after me then it gets worse.
when I come through I spit voodoo and leave em cursed.
common logic.

sinatra.
seven times out of ten we listen to our music at night thus spawned the title of this program  Midnight Marauder.
sounds like some some 90s shit.
midnight Marauder Its a good farewell.
midnight Marauder Uh I suppose yeah music.

this is the realest only unto the real shall I reveal this.
i even made this beat myself just so yall could feel this.
from Nasty Nas Big L to Tribe Called Quest.
we the RattPack in other words the tribe thats next.

its been a long time and I aint even in my prime.
i remember many moons ago spitting the realest lines.
on the come up matter fact it was long before that.
before I bought my first mic before I could afford that.
this is a letter to the underground the place where Im from.
this is a letter to the fans that understand what Ive done.
and even though I gotta leave man dont none of yall grieve.
cause even in the mainstream that lyricism I breathe.
some of yall love my raw records some of yall dont.
some of yall will love my radio shit some of yall wont.
just like my race my music has always been yin and yang.
something for everybody no not just one lane.
and on the real Ill never forget the day I got my deal.
full creative control and the money was unreal.
started from the bottom and got here cause of my skill.
and I never set a goal that I didnt plan to fulfil.
this is the realest only unto the real shall I reveal this.
i even made this beat myself just so yall could feel this.
from Nasty Nas Big L to Tribe Called Quest.
we the RattPack in other words the tribe thats next.
this is the realest only unto the real shall I reveal this.
i even made this beat myself just so yall could feel this.
from Nasty Nas Big L to Tribe Called Quest.
we the RattPack in other words the tribe thats next.
this is the realest.
yeah yeah this the realest.
the realest say what Say what.
this is the realest only unto the real shall I reveal this.
i even made this beat myself just so yall could feel this.
from Nasty Nas Big L to Tribe Called Quest.
we the RattPack in other words the tribe thats next.
this is the realest only unto the real shall I reveal this.
i even made this beat myself just so yall could feel this.
from Nasty Nas Big L to Tribe Called Quest.
we the RattPack in other words the tribe thats next.
this is the realest only unto the real shall I reveal this.
i even made this beat myself just so yall could feel this.
from Nasty Nas Big L to Tribe Called Quest.
we the RattPack in other words the tribe thats next.
this is the realest.
this is the realest.
youre not any less of a man if you dont pull the trigger Youre not necessarily a man if you do This concludes the Midnight Marauder program Press any key to return to the main menu.

i hope yall understand Yall get it Just have fun you know what I mean Enjoy the music thats what it is at the end of the day Its just good fucking music man Yeah.

state of Emergency.
yeah yeah yeah.
2 Chainz.

okay I think these niggas is tryin me.
the irony I used to iron jeans that had the heavy crease.
you know my destiny is somewhere over the catastrophe.
you know your majesty.
you dont smoke strong thats muscle atrophy.
thats such a tragedy.
i see murder like its Master P.
drug dealin academy summa cum laude.
i made As rarely made a B.
watch 1080p cost 80 apiece.
i ride this beat like an ATV.
to see me you need HDTV.
bein broke is like an allergy.

ballin with my homies now everybody know me now.
but they dont really know me now.
yeah this shit is real life.
haters talk shit but deep down still wonder what it feel like.
yeah you know I am right I just signed a 30 million dollar deal.
how that feel Goddamn right no that aint a rapper flex.
i just gotta let em know.
that money dont mean shit without selfrespect.
built myself an empire.
you can have rap Ima set the whole wide world on fire.
rattPack thats a fact.
how you go from Bobby Tarantino to the boom bap Its a trap.
bring it right back I do it all cause Im like that.
you cant put me in a box my talent put me in the mansion.
rap without Logic like the game with no expansion.
answer damn Im feelin handsome.
i aint in the club throwin dollars Im at GameStop.
member used to sell trees on the same block.
i went platinum and double platinum then triple platinum.
from rappin Im snappin Im snappin.
they wonder what happened.
they was hatin now they clappin like Yeah yeah.
bobby got the Grammy this year.
call me Nostradamus not cocky Im honest well to be honest.
i spit the finest of flows I count cash you count hoes.
youll never get thats why your shit is counterfeit.
this that Reasonable Doubt shit Jay in his prime.
this a state of emergency now sound the alarm.
im comin for your neck but first Ima slice off the arm.
of anybody who ever try to bite the hand that fed em.
im too powerful try to doublecross me and I dead em.
kill em with kindness you too weak like 7 x 2.
so show some respect when this muscle comes through wooYou might also.

growing Pains II.
im on the come up.
anything that yall do Ill oneup.
yall grind till like 3 in the morning I grind till the sun up.
homie thats dedication.
this world is what Im facing.
i only hope in the end that they all love and embrace him.

mama Im sorry that I left at 17.

everything aint what it seems when you try to follow your dreams.
first you saw the bigger picture now you see behind the scenes.
you thought everything was sweet now you see that shit is mean.
got a taste now you a fiend been into it since a teen.
yeah he nice and all his friends say he gon blow like Hiroshim.
eyes on the prize like the baddest bitch you ever seen.
at home late night chillin envisioning.
himself on the cover of Vibe magazine.
but everything aint what it seems though it seem like he gon blow.
will he make it Maybe so.
to be honest I dont know.
he got lyrics he got flow.
but it takes so much mo.
so much love.
so much pain.
with such little time to grow.
yeah we love it when he smile.
but hate it when he frown.
i remember when that girl turned his world upside down.
but it made his music better.
brought emotion made it clever.
now he growing everyday.
but he hungry tryna eat.
brain like an EKG the way that he study the beat.
now we know that he gon make it and he wont accept defeat.
now I aint tryna be mean.
now I aint tryna be mean.
but everything aint what it seem.
momma Im sorry that I left at 17.

so many times have I designed a rhyme to blow your mind.
cause I know that I wasnt destined to live a life of crime.
i remember Christmases with no presents.
i used to fear my future now I dread my adolescence.
living the life of Logic.
really aint what its cut out to be.
cause if I couldnt rap yall wouldnt give a fuck about me.
hiphop is politics.
filled with nothing but strife and stress.
causetime is money and its hard to invest.
step on the stage I get the honeys so wet.
rockin thousanddollar tuxes sippin on nothing but Moet.
thinkin Im so set but really I aint done shit yet.
this game is war and in my mind Im like a Vietnam vet.
now Im on the come up.
anything that yall do Ill oneup.
yall grind till 3 in the morning I grind till the sun up.
homie thats dedication.
this world is what Im facing.
i only hope in the end that they all love and embrace him.
momma Im sorry that I left at 17.

for the motherfuckers that hated I made it.
slowly elevated escalated onto another level ha.
my flow is crack the game is Whitney yup.
fame is Bobby on their first date it aint hit me yet.
now visualizing driving down the horizon.
while you despising the fact that Im rising.
so much hate within this world this shit is so traumatizing.
steppin to me and you better be alphabetically ready.
aim steady.
lyricism sharp as machete.
i got it already.
see I was born to sell records.
yall destined to sell tunes.
all up in your headphones.
killing booths like cellphones.
cause everything aint what is seems.
it aint just him it takes a team.
at the ten headed to the zone in his mug mean.
yeah the quarterback shines but not without a sense of safety.
so truly he is me and motherfucker you cant face me.
now Ive had a lot of doubt.
but I had to throw that out.
cause I find that they listen when I rhyme not when I shout.
and right now shit is rocky.
with me and my girl.
see music is my moon but this shawty is my world.
think about you all the time.
turn that shit into a rhyme.
cause sometimes you can ignore me.
but the beat listens just fine.
tell me do you even know.
if you truly want to grow.
hate letters when Im writing Love Jones all I know.
cause everything aint what it seem.
momma Im sorry that I left at 17.
living a life you only dream about.
flow angelic but now its time to bring the demon out.
can you feel me.
i said its hard being a saint inside a sinners body.
you know its hard living as Logic after living as Bobby.
this is the life I depicted.
as a child I picked it.
feeling conflicted.
to music I am addicted.
not one of yall can predict it.
so many bars Im feeling convicted.
now writing like a felon Im selling homie who you telling.
while yall do everything by the book fuck that Im rebelling.
cause bitch Im on another level.
a level you aint seen.
a level that is truly only deemed for a king.
the second you listen its my mission to murder any rendition.
busting with precision.
if you in my vision Im never missing ah.
logic administer sinister verses like a minister for the listener.
can you motherfuckers feel.

obediently Yours.
this is Logic.
ive spoken these words before but not on the radio.
to be born free is to be born in debt.
to live in freedom without fighting slavery.
to profiteer.
i have met Southerners who expect and fear a Negro insurrection.
i see no purpose in withholding this from general discussion.
there may be those within that outcast ten percent of the American people who someday will strike back at their oppressors.
but to put down that mob a mob would rise.
id like to ask please who will put down that mob.
im an overpaid producer with pleasant reasons to rejoice and I do.
in the wholesome practicability of the profit system.
but surely my right to having more than enough is cancelled.
if I dont use that more to help those who have less.
i owe the very profit I make to the people I make it from.
if this is radicalism it comes automatically to most of us in show business.
it being generally agreed that any public man owes his position to the public.
thats what I mean when I say Im your obedient servant.
we must each day earn what we own.
a healthy man owes to the sick all that he can do for them.
an educated man owes to the ignorant all that he can do for them.
a free man owes to the worlds slaves all that he can do for them.
and what is to be done is more much more than good works.
christmas baskets bonuses and tips and bread and circuses.
there is only one thing to be done with slaves.
free them.
if we cant die in behalf of progress we can live for it.
progress we Americans take to mean a fuller realization of democracy.
the measure of progress as we understand it is the measure of equality enjoyed by all men.
we can do something about that.
the way our fighting brothers and sisters looked at it.
some of them dead as I speak these words.
the way they looked at it were lucky.
and theyre right were lucky to be alive.
but only if our lives make life itself worth dying for.
we must be worthy of our luck or we are damned.
our lives were spared but this is merely the silliest of accidents.
unless we put the gift of life to the hard employments of justice.
if we waste that gift we wont have anywhere to hide from the indignation of history.
i want to say this.
the morality of the auction block is out of date.
there is no room in the American century for Jim Crow.
tomorrows democracy discriminates against discrimination.
its charter wont include the freedom to end freedom.
race hate isnt human nature race hate is the abandonment of human nature.
but this is true.
there are alibis for the phenomenal excuses economic and social.
but the brutal fact is simply this.
where the racist lies acceptable there is corruption.
the race haters must be stopped the lynchings must be stopped.
the murders must be avenged.
i come in that boys name and in the name of all who in this land of ours have no voice of their own.
i come with a call for action.
this is the time for it.
i call for action against the cause of riot.
it wont surprise me if Im accused in some quarters of inciting to riot.
well Im very interested in riots Im very interested in avoiding them.
so I call for action against the cause of riots.
law is the best action the most decisive.
its in the peoples power to see to it that what makes lynchings and starts wars is dealt with.
not by wellwishers but by policemen and I mean good policemen.
over several generations maybe therell be men who cant be weaned away from the fascist vices of race hate.
but we should deny such men responsibility in public affairs.
exactly as we deny responsibility to the wretched victims of the drug habit.
there are laws against peddling dope.
there can be laws against peddling race hate.
but every man has the right to his own opinion as an American boasts.
but race hate is not an opinion its a phobia.
it isnt a viewpoint race hate is a disease.
in a peoples world the incurable racist has no rights.
he must be deprived of influence in a peoples government.
he must be segregated as he himself would segregate the colored and semitic peoples.
anything very big is very simple.
if theres a big race question theres a big answer to it.
and a big answer is simple like the word no.
america can write her name across this century and so she will.
if we the people brown and black and red.
rise now to the great occasion of our brotherhood.
it will take courage.
it calls for the doing of great deeds which means the dreaming of great dreams.
giving the world back to its inhabitants is too big a job for the merely practical.
no one of us will live to see a blameless peace.
we strive and pray and die for what will be here when were gone.
our childrens children are the ancestors of a free people.
to the generations the fight is worth it.
and that just about means that my time is up.
when my times up I remain as always obediently yours.
arjun IvaturyYou might also.

24 Freestyle.
feeling this villainous vibe.
feeling feeling this villainous vibe.

uh.
chip on my shoulder fuck is you sayin.
swear to God our fathers were playing nigga relay the message.
breathless every morning was forced to skip on breakfast.
mama told me dont let these peasants throw rocks at a king.
pawns tend to carry on with no conscience.
straight nonsense pay homage or Ks vomit verbal.
fucker wanna know Biggie was making certain while niggas was getting iffy.
heart is bigger than derrières of Vicky and Nicki.
but fuck up and diss me this shit will 360.
and must I mention my body count.
its murderous to be humble.
murder is to be humble.
ever heard of me stumble.
i was born in the jungle where niggas bellys will rumble.
get checked for thinking or mumble.
but yall still stuck on rap.
fuck all that.
i do this in my slumber merely ventilation.
tryna stay afloat beyond the bullshit.
i swear that Im lost inside of the spirit of Biggie back in his lumberjack.
or Nasir with the fatigue I felt stifle streets disciple.
my raps are trifle I shoot slugs for myyou get the picture.
i was raised in Miami niggasll smack your coofie.
just for acting coochie your goofy actions will never move me.
no sir needy no all my homies is ready to roll.
never the matter the chitter and chatter.
i did it cause I can machete the flow.
and comeback heres a fun fact.
im not a dumb act run that.
little punk rat fuck it Puns back.
in the middle of Little Havana.
holding a hammer outside with pajamas.
better watch your grammar around me.
these haters surround me I swear its unnecessary.
gambino you childish niggas could never see the shit that I do.
vMG yes nigga VMG.
only competition that we see is TDE.
feeling this villainous vibe.
feeling feeling this villainous vibe.

happy birthday to my nigga doe.

ima be the guy that rap slow sike nah.
dictating bitches and smoking Cubans Im Castro.
my life is like a movie and I be the director.
and just to get a small role got bitches acting extra.
i wrote this verse in one minute cause Bobby said that he wants rhymes.
intelligent but Im getting brain from bitches thats dumb fine.
got punchlines like prom with the world on my palm.
i knew that we would blow up cause bitch we be the bomb.
rattPack out to get the cheese drop a verse get fifty Gs.
hit the studio drunk as fuck but still drop a verse with ease.
i dont give a fuck.
bitch you know the flow is second nature.
with no pen and paper break it down disintegrate a hater wassup.

feeling this villainous vibe.
feeling feeling this villainous vibe.
yeah.
lets have a money conversation.
four hundred thousand from Eminem thats a payment.
kennedy Reagans presidential arrangement.
please dont let this Pop kid take you back to the basement.
im still here screaming Beautiful Mind.
sick of the noodles of rhyming on my cubical grind.
so I just grew and decided to put true in your spine.
ooodles and boodles of blue bags from Louis Vuitton.
getting money with lawyers we have a Jew of a time.
with liquor in a Poland Spring like Im Junior at prom.
yes I chose the pop charts Im doing the crime.
and that just means Im fucking dope to you and your mom.
uh working in the summer AC on freezing.
working in the winter like I got no heaters uh.
spring rolls at the damn four seasons.
in the Red Octobers screaming thank you Yeezus.

feeling this villainous vibe.
feeling feeling this villainous vibe.

uh feeling this villainous vibe.
chilling with me and my Tribe.
gotta spit this to survive.
how long have I been alive.
twentyfour years and counting not including my mama womb.
im here in the lab and Ill be here until the tomb.
album coming soon watch the RattPack consume.
ayo yeah.
ive been on that real shit.
that fun shit.
spit artillery like a gunship.
vs up we run shit.
dont come around with that dumb shit its scandalous.
in the studio in Los Angeles.
at No ID spot hit you with the heat rock goddamn.
with Bobby on the board everybody on the floor.
hold up let me take a breath here come more.
this a freestyle let me redirect my intellect.
drop this shit just for fun its all over the internet.
cause bitch Im in effect.
wait hold up yall aint get the Memo.
you Lumbergh rappers is Initech.
bitch Ive been a fact.
hit you like Hiroshima then intercept.
check it yo see.
now all the real fans know the album goin be crazy.
spit it off the top and get dirty like Pat Swayze.
from the cover of XXL.
fuck around and then propel.
tour coming soon man I know the tickets finna sell.
really coming for everybodys Achilles.
put my own money into this album like half a milli.
its Logic coming for their neck no disrespect.
i did this shit in two minutes or less.
spent a year on the album who knows what to expect.
this is Logic.
happy birthday to me motherfucker.
its my birthday.

feeling this villainous vibe.
feeling feeling this villainous.

illuminatro.
ti yojne dna pu kcuf eht tuhs tsuj nam hcum oot kniht tnod.
laiceps gnihtemos rof erots ni eruoy.
nam oy tihs nuf siht retfa.
tihs pu nrut siht retfa.
taht wonk tsuj.
raeh lliw uoy taht hcihw fo tsrif eht.
smubla owt no gnikrow mI.
ruot siht no yltnerruc mI kniht ot yzarc sti.
pu nrut annaw tsuj I.
elpmis taht sti ti htiw nuf evah tsuj.
nam tihs siht otni hcum oot kniht tnod hu.
yrotS eurT elbidercnI ehT roF.
ruot dlrow ym.
ym no yltnerruc.
ha ma I.
trohs siht peek amI.

ahhh bro.
its been a hell of a ride up.
its been a hell of a ride upYou might also.

disgusting.
welcome everyone to the Sinatra spectacular.
yeah yeah you already know what it is.
rattPack boy.
castro.
sinatra.
real all the time.

yeah pass the mic before I jack it like goretex.
bust like raw sex rappers suck like vortex.
the life of a Don We living like kings and killing our pawns.
boy the seconds its on dont know where we going.
im flowing and killing this shit from dusk til dawn.
just had sex with a Middle Eastern girl The pussy was bomb.
that last line made no sense like these rappers careers.
but I make dollars cause Im all about the fiscal year.
yeah you dont like me Ill conjure up and summon all your fears.
you wanna fight me Ill woop my own ass before you get here.
wanna write me And tell me that my rhymes suck.
bitch I dont give a fuck Ill stab you in the gut call it a tummy tuck.
you can ask my ex I bust quicker than two techs.
caressed by a kid with category 5 tourettes.
in other words I squeeze with ease dot my Is and cross my Ts.
im a perfectionist the lesson is fuck everyone assessing this.
its hiphop not to be taken literally.
however on the light of note I stayed with bills like Hillary.
my flow convects murder subjects with little respect.
best protect your neck before you play my tape better inspect the deck.
fuck every other rapper forever ever forever since the dawn of time.
sike Im not that much of a dick when I rhyme.
on another level like duplex bust heads like suplex.
slaughter emcees then ask whos next.
ayo my crew next but you say you next so I guess we now.
priceless flow so even if I write its still a freestyle.
never busting gats I aint no gangster put that heat down.
then go and grab a mic and see if you can fuck with me now.
i got that A plus flow Im on a roll bitch I cant fail.
making money with my mind call that shit a brain sell.
raise hell like Im Satans daddy while you in here.
catch me in a tinted caddy with a bitch from Cincinnati.
with the thickest fatty while I hit the gas you lick it gladly.
with the window down see other bitches blowing kisses at me.
its a fact that me and Logic rip with vicious rap to list a wrap.
we spittin crack to keep the fiends coming back to show world.
reppin Maryland but I make music for the whole world.
seduce a chick with lyrics whenever she hear it it make her toes curl.
so sick I hope I dont hurl if you love me let me go girl.
cause no pussy come before my flow just had to let you know girl.
spit it so thorough and in depth I bet I leave you impressed.
rattPack be my family I fuck with yall no incest.
only interest is to blow up and watch they hands go up.
cause I used to throw shows back then but no one would show up.
i aint all about the money but I want it homie sho nuff.
cause Krispie crazy bout the cream you could say Im dough nuts.

i murdered my manager Chris last night.
we exchanged a couple words he said some things I didnt like.
i said Okay then punched him in the face with a butcher knife.
i want more like Ashton Kutchers wife.
gimme what I want so fuck it Ima steal it.
ill dilapidate you grab the butter knife and decapitate you.
yeah thats what I said  huh and bitch I did it.
we all have thoughts like this Im just willing to admit it.
i would never act upon these thoughts now dont you get it.
its like when a gentleman sees the baddest bitch and thinks Id hit it.
but he never says it Ill dump your body in a dessert.
its the wrath of a psychopath clutching a razor blade in a bath.
having his last laugh anticipating a gash the other night I murdered captain crunch.
right in front of Toucan Sam and a whole damn bunch.
thats life what can I say Im a cereal killer venereal dealer.
and yes you know they aint none other iller.
its Logic.
just last week I murdered a rock.
injured a stone Hospitalized a brick.
im so mean I make medicine.

young Sinatra II.
yeah yeah yeah yeah.

various women Im swimming in like a shark.
hold up that was the first one let me run it back and restart.
young Sinatra ripping the beat apart.
shining like a diamond when I be rhyming.
but yall in the dark.
on point like a poisonous dart.
i can feel it now the fame is comin soon.
how can sky be the limit when theres footprints on the moon.
now I used to bus tables now I bust rhymes.
spitting lines to the illest of dimes just to pass the time.
living like a Don mafietic mind state.
hiphop heads never die we multiply then dominate.
now I been flowin since a adolescent up until the present.
rehearsin flows for various shows.
yeah thats how I roll.
gettin respected never neglected.
as I infect it they detect it when I disect it.
rip it and wreck it now thats on the record.
as the vinyl spin so slowly.
bringing verses like a Holy.
bible my flow is tribal.
meet me in the street homie Im liable.
to get it right then and there.
motherfuckers like Where.
he come from.
got music for days and then some.
they were stepping confident until I made em run.
you know its Logic.
in your vicinity murder evil entities better known as your enemies.
you feel it now.
spark the L and you be coolin.
chillin relaxin to this audio satisfaction.
i leave emcees missin in action leave you gashin.
from a thousand lashes.
while Im laughing with a passion.
stand over you smiling til I hear sirens and now Im dashing.
lifes a bitch and then you die.
that buck that bought the bottle.
coulda struck the lotto.
lifes a bitch and then you die.
got rhymes 365 days annual plus some.

this second verse is dedicated to rappers that never made it.
cause they gave up on their dream.
in other words they hesitated to take it.
but I swear Ima make it better than ever before.
cause half of yall dont even know.
see I be rolling through the streets.
in a beamer bomber like Hiroshima.
i eat MCs like fast food hella rude.
im the reason that your favorite rappers in a bad mood.
my name is Logic I was born in 1990.
aint no need to remind me.
that when you listen you wanna rewind me.
all the labels wanna sign me for the right reasons.
we aim to please.
huntin dollars and its buck season.
cause.
lifes a bitch and then you die.
thats why we get high.
cause you never know when youre gonna go.
lifes a bitch and then you die.
thats why we puff lye.
cause you never know when youre gonna go.
lifes a bitch and then you die.
thats why we get high.
cause you never know when youre gonna go.
lifes a bitch and then you die.
cause we spendin these Jacksons The Washingtons go to wifey you know how that go.
you know then what man What what.

cOMMANDO.


uh hit up my homie TMoney he supply the weed for the blunt.
cause if I did theyd shut that bitch down like.
rap Justin Bieber best believe when Im around they go crazy They go crazy ride this dick girl dont get lazy like Oh.

logic hit my line he said.
netsil rehtorb ym hguoht tenretni eht kaerb em pleh.
so gather round but let me just say this before.
so get the fuck off me my brother he said he dont fuck with nobody.
im feelin godly wearin all white.
rewritin history did it tonight.
my OG told me we did it right.
e40 told me we did it right.
yeah fell in love with music but I know this shits a business now.
back to basics like its Lasiks got the vision now.



5 Hooks.
five hooks man.
ayo this shit only got like five hooks on it dawg.
all lyricism ho.
i was like Yo Im pickin up that pen Im goin fuckin crazy.
i dont give a shit dawg.
yo we finna ayo ayo fuck Raquel though fuck that bitch.

its what you all been waitin for aint it.
this No Pressure shit kinda got us reacquainted.
im happy you could join me in this universe I painted.
such a beautiful feeling I really cant explain it.
damn that boy he back at it again.
droppin bars when I pick up the pen so lets begin.
no ID my mentor but its time for the storys end yeah.
i never been this happy before this a different smile.
hey yeah this that barbecue music.
life is a blessing and a curse depending how you use it.
some days Im happy some days Im fucked up.
some days I tell the voice in my head to shut the fuck up.

yeah.
motivated by paper and pussy always been a passion.
whippin that Chevrolet Impala my speakers blastin.
hungry like Im fastin who the illest Just ask em.
louis Vuitton rhyme relevantly oldfashioned.
i go for my homie I gots to shine homie.
all I do is grind homie all I do is rhyme.
i started with just a dollar and a dream.
like Jermaine in 09 know what I mean.
fresh on the scene like a first take.
i dropped my first tape then felt the earth shake.
but lets accelerate.
dropped the second tape 2011 and now we elevate.
def Jam wanna sign me its time to celebrate.
but little did I know I had so much further to go.
lets take a trip down memory lane.
logic arrived and he fucked up the game simple and plain.
never scared to do it different no two albums sound the same.
i got tracks with Wu Tang and 2 Chainz Killer Mike and Gucci Mane.
rap shit trap shit you know I do it with no shame.
spit the illest yoga flame always go against the grain.
i was fly before the fame before I could afford a plane.
touch down like Notre Dame to get as high as my strain.
2014 release day I need morphine.
def Jam under shipped me not a CD on the rack.
rattPack had to ask em to unbox it in the back.
what the fuck is that Honestly it sound like a fable.
fast forward 2020 Im the face of the label and I am.
who gives a fuck about the leak when you got the well.
watch me excel propel then ghost the fuck out like Dave Chappelle.
you the illest pray tell Im like God before Lucifer fell I raised hell.
had bars when I was broke cause I couldnt raise bail.
but now my bars gold cause Im Wall Street broker.
money like I sell coca livin La Vida Loca shit.
that aint a line just to flex just to let you know you next.
if you put your mind to it you can do it.
trust me cause I been through it now get to it aint nothin to it.
actually living your life is exponentially different from just being.

dark Place.
yeah.
depression anxiety got ahold of me.
cause people say they want the older me.
well Im thirty this the oldest me.
behold its me the piece of shit thats not good enough.
not black enough not hood enough.
not rich enough not poor enough.
my heart has poured enough.
i been beaten and battered my confidence shattered.
been broken and tattered.
im constantly second guessin if my profession is worth it on my mental state.
writin this from a dark place with humility and grace.
peace love and positivity was my nativity.
but not when socials are in my vicinity.
im not runnin from the internet.
my god I was at its birth Ive been a vet.
goin berserk like Peter down in Initech yo ayy.
its deeper than the surface Im searchin for purpose.
im tired of searchin for Logic on Google on purpose just to read that Im worthless.
i remember makin music alone just a pen and a microphone.
but nowadays its hard to get in the zone.
writin rhymes was easy before the fame.
now Im constantly overthinkin every line its a shame.
rap used to fill me with joy now its nothin but pain.
im stuck in the game tryna get back from where I came.
i write this letter for the person whos listenin.
fed up and tired of people dismissin em Im with you.
i been through what you been through.
and no amount of money can take away the feelin of insecurity.
only through maturity can we overcome.
feel like Ive been overrun feel like its over Im done.
whoever told you success gon make you happy You been lied to.
all of my dreams came true but I bleed and cry too.
never been perfect I failed every time I tried to.
feelin hated and underappreciated.
every time I look in the mirror I wonder Why you.
shit Id love to end this on some positive shit.
hit you with punchlines instead of some derogative shit.
but its okay to be sad sometimes and tired of shit I guess.
and people say Well youre just out for money.
i say Thats none of your business.
you see a lot of people dont feel happy.
unless they have another thing beyond money which is called status.
and status to a very large extent in our economy consists in.
in having this thing and that thing and the other thing and having a swimming pool.
a uh Ferrari uh certain kind of clothes and uh certain kind of house.
and so on and so on and so on.
and we think uh we need all that.
because we havent asked ourselves whether that was what we really wanted.
they all think they gotta have this they gotta have that.
and uh they dont really want it.
if they sat back and considered Do I need all that Is this trip really necessary.
they would come to the conclusion that it wasnt.

ink Blot.
we are we are we are we are.
im just tryna live my life.
im just tryna do whats right.
im just tryna gain insight.
im not tryna sleep all through the day and get up at night.
im tryna do it right.
can somebody show me the light.
im just tryna live my life.
im just tryna do whats right.
im just tryna gain insight.
im not tryna sleep all through the day and get up at night.
im just tryna do it right.
can somebody somebody somebody somebody.
can somebody.
somebody somebody somebody somebody.
can somebody.
lets do this shit that was lit.
we are we are we are we are.
we are we are we are we are.
yeah.

everybody know the real me.
something in your mind to feel free.
so hot they all wanna kill me.
been forever but Im still me.
ima be real Im the man.
ima be real Im the rapper.
ima be real Im that mothafucka makin millions.
now I aint no trapper.
all of this shit is a facade.
all of this shit is a fallacy.
i aint me Im who you want me to be.
uh fuck that.
grip the 45 and buck back.
i been chillin on the tuck back I been chillin on the tuck.
uh yeah.
yup I been way back in the cut.
homie I dont give a fuck.
ima keep rapping about all of this shit that dont matter and makin a buck.
ima keep Ima keep uh.
ima keep rapping about all of this shit that dont matter and makin a buck listen up.
ima keep rapping about all of this shit that dont matter and makin a buck.
like wassup.
aight lets do this shit.
lets get this mothafuckin money man.
we aint stuntin these little stupid ass bitches.
stupid fake ass niggas out here man.
you know what Im sayin.
getting extorted and shit.
you know what Im sayin.
fuck yall niggas man.
perpetratin ass dumb ass mothafuckas man.
all on the Gram all on the Snapchat with the bullshit.
kill yo mothafuckin self nigga.
kill yo mothafuckin self nigga.
and tell yo bitch I said slob on my knob.
thats crazy.
yo Ima keep all this shit for the album.
oh they gon love that they gon be like Aw.

feel Good.
multimillion dollar deals.
got a million dollar deal.
when I was younger.
i would wonder how a million dollars feel.
and for real it feel like I aint even broke the seal.
cause when you drop hits they want you to pick up the bill.
now my life is in Maryland.
my heart is in Chicago.
new York state of mind but out LA man thats where I go.
when I need to lay this shit down.
so much on my mind thats the reason Im spitting now.
finally running the game and everybody tripping now.
but I cant give a damn I got they bitches dripping now.
moet we sipping now.
yeah we came a long way.
i know a lot of people thought theyd never see the day.
that we get big like Notorious.
cause we battle like warriors in the state of euphoria.
my team is so fucking glorious.
so Ima love life while you live life.
cause I aint perfect but I do my best to live it right yeah.

are you ready to go.
i know the city getting ready for me.
i know the city getting ready.
are you ready to go.
i know the city getting ready for me.
i know the city getting ready.
i should have took the time to understand the world.
but I was just too busy tryna understand them girls.
i never told anyone but I asked my ex to marry me.
a couple months later the bitch buried me.
and I know what yall thinking.
logic theres still hope.
keep yo chin up mothafucker.
aint no reason to mope.
plus you got a lot of money and your music is dope.
whats all the money in the world if yo heart still broke.
but lets get back to the subject cause I was off of the topic.
hand me the mic and I rock it.
they say they hate it then jock it shit.
i remember no heat in the winter time.
now that Im eating haters grilling me like dinner time.
tryna make a living off of what weve been giving.
since a younging Ive been driven.
just tryna do it how I do it huh.
from my city to your city to Chicity.
we blowing up at high velocity waddup.
are you ready to go.
i know the city getting ready for me.
i know the city getting ready.
are you ready to go.
i know the city getting ready for me.
i know the city getting.

life Is Good.
sinatra.
yeah yeah yeah yeah.

i know that I got it yeah we got it over here.
i know that I got it yeah we got it all here.
just me and my homies livin life over here.
couple bad bitches down to ride oh yeah.
i know that I got it if I take my time.
i know that I got it everything will be fine.
couldnt wait to get it now we got it over here.
couldnt wait to get it now we got it oh yeah.

tell me what you know about the come up.
while you at the party I be workin til the sun up yeah.
i just wanna live my life and give you everything that I can give alright alright.
me and my homies live in Hollywood but that dont mean we hollywood.
and if I could reply to every fan.
hell yeah you know I prolly would.
live life til I overdose.
i said it once had to say it dos.
i remember livin at Mary Jos now Im livin like pharaohs.
i work like a slave live like a king.
cause in the end I promise money aint a thing.
i know that I got it yeah we got it over here.
i know that I got it yeah we got it all here.
just me and my homies livin life over here.
couple bad bitches down to ride oh yeah.
i know that I got it if I take my time.
i know that I got it everything will be fine.
couldnt wait to get it now we got it over here.
couldnt wait to get it now we got it oh yeah.

i just wanna do it right.
i just wanna go tonight.
gettin lost in the city lights.
gettin lost in the pretty lies.
yeah shout out to Maryland shout out Chicago.
shout out beautiful women that follow where I go.
cause I know I got no time for these fake hoes and these fake rhymes.
we live it up in these great times.
always on my mind this is real life.
okay I guess this is what it feels like.
just me and my homies do you realize.
this the type of shit I used to prophesize.
eyes on the real though.
all yall probably duck down on the real low.
i switched it up the day I got a deal yo.
but Im bringin that real flow.
and of course a little bit of melody guess I got the appeal though.
but dont ever think Ill be sacrificin with the skill though.
i said Im bringin that real flow.
i member comin up real po.
now let me bring it in real slow.
i know that I got it yeah we got it over here.
i know that I got it yeah we got it all here.
just me and my homies livin life over here.
couple bad bitches down to ride oh yeah.
i know that I got it if I take my time.
i know that I got it everything will be fine.
couldnt wait to get it now we got it over here.
couldnt wait to get it now we got it oh yeah.

oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah.


heard Em Say.
i saw a kid with no smile on his face today.
where is my place in this bright future I heard him say.
heard him s I heard him s I heard him say.

say I aint good enough they say I aint hood enough.
killin myself to make a killin.
id rather be hated for who I am than loved for who Im not.

i saw a kid with no smile on his face today.
where is my place in this bright future I heard him say.

that boy different dont fuck with him.
but Id rather stand out than stand in.
look in the mirror and what I tell em.
came a long way from where you was.
upandcomer with a buzz overcame sellin drugs.
overcame depression even overcame addiction.
and had the courage to say what others wouldnt with conviction.
i saw a kid with no smile on his face today.
where is my place in this bright future I heard him say.

never mind who be bitchin.
this is for the person in the back who always gon listen.
fuck a punchline this is food for thought like the lunch line.
we all got problems the question is can you solve em.
had the courage to face all of em and resolve em.
shit I know you can cause I did.
i know you can cause I done it.
no matter what the fuck you goin through Ima keep it a hunnid.
i know you can overcome it.
baby mama trippin I know Ive been there.
boss caught you slippin I know Ive been there.
somebody beefin with you Man that shit aint rare.
just keep it pushin.

i saw a kid with no smile on his face today.
where is my place in this bright future I heard him say.

ive been battlin with my demons.
im cowardice when I see em.
im powerless I cant beat em.
but deep down I feel like I need em.
power is freedom you can lead em but cant feed em.
smilin on my face but Im dyin under the surface.
what is my purpose Im feelin worthless.
tell me what worth is.
my flaws I happily greet em.
imperfections I love em.
my enemies I defeat em.
man I know somebody gon relate to this.
if keeping it real is a sin you better pray for this.
cause I wanted this shit all my life.
til I finally got it and realized theres so much more to life.
used to dream Id become the fuckin man I am.
stackin money and readin my son Sam I Am.
love life cant tell you how much a fan I am.
this is grown folk music if you did not know.
thirty somethin I aint rappin bout no dumb shit ho.
keep it real Bobby boy aint no kid no more.
now keep it real Bobby boy aint no kid no more.
now if you feelin how Im feelin let a motherfucker know.
i saw a kid with no smile on his face today.
where is my place in this bright future I heard him say.

this concludes the No Pressure program.
no Pressure Ultra 85 welcome to the Ultra 85.

925.
now if you feeling how Im feeling put your hands up high.
buck buck buck buck booyakasha.
if you feeling how Im feeling put your lighters in the sky.
buck buck buck buck booyakasha.

now if you feeling how Im feeling put your hands up high.
if you feeling how Im feeling put your lighters in the sky.
ill be damned if I aint living the life I always wanted.
started from the bottom as a youngin gettin blunted.
now I run it like a marathon ho yeah its on ho.
hits motherfucker hits Barry Bonds ho.
in the studio for twentytwo days.
im too paid might fuck around and kickflip in my new Js.
i got a show in Paris then Tokyo so Im Lupaid.
fucked a shorty in Paris Im getting crème brûléed.

fuck a nine to five Im too alive for the real world.
never die in the real world lie in the real world.
everything aint what it seems.
when you following your dream.
fuck a nine to five Im too alive for the real world.
never die in the real world lie in the real world.
everything aint what it seems.
when you following your dream.
how you feeling ho Im making a killing ho really doe.
had a dream Dr King now that money aint a thing.
ive been through a lot of pain looking like we overcame.
goddamn life just aint the same all yall know my name.
fuck the fame Maryland where I came broke up in the game.
and it feel good good real good good.
now we livin in the hills pissing off the neighborhood.
its just me Castro and 6ix going crazy in this bitch.
plus my homie Jon and the whole RattPack you know we on.
livin the life of a don while my homie Slay roll up the swisher.
i get richer while they hate watch the money gravitate.
finally eatin grab a plate hell yeah thats sounding great.
ive been high I been low but theres one thing that I know.
its been a long time coming now my whole team got it.
and if you hatin suck a dick and bitch about it.

fuck a nine to five Im too alive for the real world.
never die in the real world lie in the real world.
everything aint what it seems.
when you following your dream.
fuck a nine to five Im too alive for the real world.
never die in the real world lie in the real world.
everything aint what it seem.
when you following your motherfucking dreams yeah.
you know its funny doe man white people be frontin.
and you ever noticed like youd be the only nigga some place.
and you go where white people they be like.
you wanna move out of the way fellas Excuse me thank you very much  taking up all the fucking area Jesus Christ.
i love when white dudes get mad and cuss.
cause you all are some funny motherfuckers when you cuss.
they be saying shit like Alright cut the shit Fucking jerk off.

fuck a nine to five Im too alive for the real world.
never die in the real world lie in the real world.
everything aint what it seems.
when you following your dream.
fuck a nine to five Im too alive for the real world.
never die in the real world lie in the real world.
everything aint what it seem.
when you following your motherfucking dreams.

the Glorious Five.
yeah.
we gon let this shit rock.
hey.
thats the Cole hey from back in the day.
hey yeah.

just a youngin with a dream.
tryna get this money yeah Im tryin get this cream.
not a lot know what I mean for this rap shit Im a fiend.
not one to talk about poppin pills and sippin lean.
just a passion for pussy Im tryin to get up in the spleen.
this is my mentality rappin at nineteen.
back in Maryland just tryin to break out on the scene.
buyin fake chains at the mall so girls be like Ooh he clean.
daydreams that my life is like a movie scene.
sippin liquor puffin green so obscene.
ride around the city with my homies in a gat.
we was lookin for trouble now wheres it at.
paint the picture like Picasso matter fact like Sam Spratt.
even younger I was trippin skippin school writin raps.
never on the road but on the roll like them craps.
check the facts.
endless rhyme books in my backpack.
like that uh.
i guess I acted out from lack of a father figure.
go figure performin at open mics wishin I could go bigger.
i was never in it for the money like a gold digger.
every time my daddy call me he be like Ayo nigga where the money at.
yeah thats what hed say Little boy you know you know I saw you on a PJ.
when you gon fly me out when you gon smoke me out.
always throw demands out motherfuck a handout.
all I ever wanted was a daddy.
but that man priority was huggin with a fatty.
but Im glad he did cause it made me who I am.
now Im the man that I always wish he woulda been.
and never started smokin crack imagine just what could have been damn.
always felt like somethin it was missin.
wish we could have played catch had talks and went fishin.
but had no one there to listen.
now it feel like my life mission is to be the best dad when the time come.
for my daughter and my son when the time come.
teach em bout they heritage and where they come from.
teach em bout they family history and then some.

yeah yeah.
bobby dont do it to em.
youre beautiful and you dont gotta prove it to em.
come on come on Bobby you aint shit though.
why your personality be split though.
one minute its PLP the next that shit be slit throats.
devil and an angel on my shoulder thats my conscious.
greatest rapper alive but never actin Pontius.
keep yourself in check like a dollar amount.
you aint better than nobody based on your dollar amount.
yeah youve grown accustomed to the lifestyle but you never bougie.
nah you never brand new no its never whos he.
see I hate when I get recognized.
and while the fan is hypnotized.
im approached by random guys who feel the need to emphasize.
i dont know who you are.
i reply Im a gentleman and a fuckin rap star.
put your lighters in the sky if you got em.
this for anybody that feel like they at the bottom.
nobody to tell em they special you know I got em.
nobody there to tell them they love them well I got em.
uh no matter where you go you gotta persevere.
aint no fuckin around aint no makin a sound no you just gotta murder the fear.
yeah Ive been thinkin about it been tryna get out of it.
fuck what Im thinkin its time to break out of it.
findin myself in the thick and the debt of it.
had a bit and I knew wanted to murder the son.
and Im ready to get it motherfuck a critic Im livin my life and.

the Come Up.
now some guys they just hate for no reason capiche.
ay yo 6ix this shit is crazy right Remember when we used to be in Lennys basement and shit Now where we at The Come Up.
fuck your money fuck your jewelry fuck your cars fuck all your bitches that you got its obsolete now all that shit aint fresh no more fuck all that.

on the real homie on the real.
tell me how you feel.
everything I spit is gold like I got a grill.
bet you people talking thought Id sell out once I got a deal.
still me and my team only difference  we live in the hills.
we living a dream these bitches perpetrating the skills.
at the soup kitchen with my mama they giving us meals.
i was poor in my adolescence but now Im getting mills.
come on tell me how it feels when that brand new record spills.
homie this the come up.
im from where them drug dealers will run up.
but I was never bout that shit I just worked till the sun up.
oh yeah.
claiming that they got it over there.
but they never had it over there.
motherfucker this the come up.

came a long way this the come up.
been a long time coming its the come up.
been a long damn time its the come up.
open your mind this is work ethic.
ninetynine percent of you couldnt comprehend the method.
cause you too wrapped up in the money and bitches.
i get riches but never sacrifice the art.
been real from the start now break it down.
that superduperkiller flow.
all these bitches in here make you wanna kill a ho.
its kind of funny how the flow make me sound ignant.
but you know the wordplay on another level isnt it.
i been at it since a youngin on a dolo.
till I got a team and said bye to doing it solo.
bad bitches wanna fuck me on the low though.
tryna break the ice she be like Can I get a photo.
a long time comin what you call that.
shorty blowin up my phone I promise to call back.
unless you a crazy ass bitch.
ima tell your ass to fall back.
this the come up.

came a long way this the come up.
been a long time coming its the come up.
been a long damn time its the come up.

maybe baby.


young Sinatra.
visualizing the realism of life in actuality.
visualizing the realism of life in actuality.

various women Im swimming in like a shark.
tear the pussy apart shawty its on after dark.
step to the mic and now I got ya call me Young Sinatra.
the flow is prominent hella dominant on time with it.
when Im rhyming it several labels itching to sign with it.
now check the women Im bringing in with these ill synonyms.
softly killing em in other words Im Lauryn Hillin em.
i swear to god if I could Id never turn the page.
living the rest of my days on stage.
fucking with bitches that never age.
im so fly that I defy the laws of physics.
i aint think it was possible for a check to have this many digits.
mathematically exquisite am I cockyjust a smidget.
if you want beef then we can supersize it.
freshman in the game.
so they wanna haze me like my name Isaac.
i killed the beat and dig a ditch just to fossilize it.
to make sure none of you bammers try to reprise it what.

lifes a bitch and then you die.
that buck that bought a bottle couldve struck the lotto.
lifes a bitch and then you die.
got rhymes 365 days annual plus some.
im working a nine to five just to survive barely staying alive.
hard to stay focused without the drive.
see I bus tables and my homie Castro is a waiter.
i cant wait to blow and say I told you so haters.
living the life of a egotistical pistol gripper.
isnt a life for me Id rather grip mics and undo girls zippers.
but not them ho girls meet me after the showgirls them take it slow girls have em coming back for mo girls.

visualizing the realism of life in actuality.

various managers coming up talking bout they got me.
but really they shadier than Slim in a pair of Versaces.
i know you see me shining and practicing and grinding.
while they conform to the norm youll catch me designing.
a different type of sound.
while you was stuck inside the box I had already been around.
inner peace and happiness Im always tryna find it.
and I kinda got the feeling that a woman is behind it.
so Im always chasing tails the reallife Sonic.
and Im always spitting fire half black half demonic.
nah Im half black and half white.
cmon this sound it had to come from somewhere right.
nah nah see homie race is not the issue.
and if you stepping to me like it is Ill dismiss you.
the second you listen the second I got you.
i swear to god Im the reincarnated Young Sinatra.
lifes a bitch and then you die.
that buck that bought a bottle couldve struck the lotto.
lifes a bitch and then you die.
got rhymes 365 days annual plus.

aye Girl.
ayy girl its obvious you fine.
i just wanna know whats deep inside your mind maybe we could.
play girl I hope you aint got no man.
if you do I understand but Im tryna make plans.
that body one of a kind.
id be lyin if I said I wasnt tryna make you mine.
ayy girl I could give you my number.
you could give me whatever well have a hell of a time.

what up baby girl Wont you come here.
i put it on my life I seen you somewhere where you stay at Ill come there ha.
aint no stalking shit I just wanna talk and shit.
maybe grab a bite then after walk a bit I just wanna converse.
come on baby aint no need to disperse.
shorty got that type of beauty that inspired this verse so wassup.
id be lyin if I said I didnt wanna cut but.
its deeper then that getting knee deep in the cat.
im looking for that ride or die type of women its what ever.
i could be your King you could be my Coretta.
aint no better get you wetter fuck em all.
think outside the box baby girl you know I ball.
yes you know I want it all so make that shit a double.
this is Young Sinatra and Im rising from the rubble.
people never say whats on their mind Im like Fuck a muzzle.
cause I got the feeling youre the missing piece to my puzzle.
ayy girl its obvious you fine.
i just wanna know whats deep inside your mind maybe we could.
play girl I hope you aint got no man.
if you do I understand but Im tryna make plans.
that body one of a kind.
id be lyin if I said I wasnt tryna make you mine.
ayy girl I could give you my number.
you could give me whatever well have a hell of a time.

whatever she wants I let her pick it like a fence from the suburb.
everything coach but her plane ticket ya heard.
we real all the time thats my word.
catch me in the cut tryna book her like a nerd.
she a red bone bobbysoxer I had to stop her.
ha shorty a dime so you know Im tryna cop her.
pop a bottle at our table periodically.
now check the science of that last line do it logically no stoppin me I.
bet she woulda never guessed I never graduated.
cause the way I put my words together she infatuated.
mama I dont want no drama and Im serious.
pause like a comma fore I end it like a period now.
girl dont treat me like your exman.
im a beast on the track but if I am your next man.
ima treat you tender.
take it slow like one video render.
i remember when I seen you for the first time.
it was special like when I wrote my first rhyme.
so if all I do is grind and never sleep.
then how in the hell is me and the girl of my dreams supposed to meet.
ayy girl its obvious you fine.
i just wanna know whats deep inside your mind maybe we could.
play girl I hope you aint got no man.
if you do I understand but Im tryna make plans.
that body one of a kind.
id be lyin if I said I wasnt tryna make you mine.
ayy girl I could give you my number.
you could give me whatever well have a hell of a time.


live on the Air.
ayo Im living abroad like the baddest bitch youve ever seen.
aint about that hybrid shit but Im all about the green.
making so many moves I need a dose of Dramamine.
for rap Im a fiend come and test my team.
i school emcees cause Im the motherfuckin dean.
my cerebral cortex force my trigger finger reflex.
to bust Tecs like raw sex aint no tellin whats next.
i sling mixtapes like crack rocks.
watch snow bunnies chillin in the backdrop discussin how the track rocks.
goddamn Im a miraculous man.
and if I wasnt Logic Id be his number one fan.
beware Im spittin fire cause the world is in dire need of an MC to admire.
and set the bar higher.
so I conspire within my mind just had a friar.
the rap Messiah fresh to death so peep the attire.
feelin like B Rabbit when he slaughtered the Lotto.
get money fuck bitches and respect women is the motto.
you say potato I say potato.
you call em rappers but all I see is comedians.
my futures lookin XXL they shit is medium.
call me Bobby Kennedy the way I fuck with Marilyn.
mCs approach take notes and then I bury them.
im out of this world my studios the planetarium.
the way I flow this shit is slicker than butter.
the second I utter lyricism that leave all the rest in the gutter.
i thought I told yall Im the best dddid I stutter.
ill hit your mom in the head with a car bomb just to blow her mind like Vietnam.
had a MySpace account but my only friend was Tom.
when I eat pussy I pretend that Im speaking in Islam.
psych Its a joke I swear that Im not racist.
to be honest Ill murder you no matter what color your face is.
punch you in the face if I catch you slippin in braces.
you want beef Ill choke you to death with your own shoelaces.
psych I swear Im not a violent guy.
once upon time I brought a Super Soaker to a driveby.
full of KoolAid and warm piss.
my buzz is growing every day and when the swarm hits.
million dollar trips sex at the Ritz.
so rich Ill make bitches show Charlie Murphy their tits.
blow the competition to bits leavin the enemy lit.
but Im out cause theres women to please and money to get.
its LogicYou might also.

waiting Room.
51 ContributorsWaiting Room LyricsAtom So we waiting for what.
god Excuse me.
atom So you sittin here telling me this place is a waiting room right What are we waiting for.
god Rebirth.
atom Rebirth Like reincarnation.
god If thats what you wanna call it.
atom What the fuck you mean If thats what I wanna call it Either this is what it is or this is what it aint.
god Sure.
atom Chu mean Ugh this mothafucka.
atom Aight lemme get this straight every time I die I come here we talk and you send me back to earth to be reborn.
god You know the last time we had this conversation it was in mandarin and you were 13.
atom Mandarin.
god And a girl.
atom What Nah bruh you fuckin wit me Like Jesus Christ.
god He was here too.
atom What Wait wait so the Christians got it right.
god Well Im about to reincarnate you Atom Id say everyone kinda got it right.
atom This is a whole lot to take in.
god I know Trust me Ive been there.
atom So how many times have I been reincarnated.
god Many many many many many times.
atom If its so many times why dont I remember.
god If we stayed here long enough the lives you have lived and the knowledge from each of them would return.
atom What.
god Im actually about to send you back to 1736 as Bryan Fairfax the 8th lord Fairfax of Cameron.
atom Word ayy that sounds important.
god Oh yes You own 40000 acres.
atom Goddamn Oh Im sorry.
god Ha its quite alright.
atom Well at least Im not poor no more.
god Well sure With all that land and the hundreds of slaves youll own.
atom Slaves Aw hell nah No no no no look look look how you gonna take a black man send him back in time and now I gotta own slaves.
god Well if its any consolation your son Tom the 9th Lord Fairfax of Cameron sets them free.
atom No That does not make me feel better at all Wait hold up I just realized you said youre gonna send me back in time.
god Well Im not really sending you back in time That doesnt exist where I come from only in your universe.
atom Well where are you from.
god Honestly Atom even if I explained where I came from or told you about the others like me you just wouldnt understand.
atom But if theres others like you how can you be god.
god Atom I said you wouldnt understand.
atom So whats the point of doing all this.
god Really.
atom What.
god A little cliche dont you think Essentially asking me the meaning of life.
atom Well I figured I would ask before you send me back and I cant remember none of this.
god Atom come here The meaning of life the reason I created this place is so that you can grow and mature.
atom Like the human race Like this is how the human race is supposed to grow and mature Mature into what We cant even get along.
god No Atom you Its for you you to mature.
atom I dont understand.
god I created this place for you Atom This entire place was made for you Every time I send you back every life you live you grow and mature and understand the grand meaning behind all of this just a little more each time.
atom Just me Wait what about everybody else.
god Atom there is no one else.
atom I dont understand.
god Atom you are every human being who has ever existed since the dawn of your kind on earth.
atom Wait Im everyone.
god Ah yes now you are beginning to see it.
atom So Im like everyone that ever existed on Earth ever.
god Earth Ha thats cute Earth was just your birthplace Let us not forget all the stars humanity will colonize over the millennia.
atom Wait that is so much Too much to take in Im every human being that ever lived.
god Or ever will live yes.
atom Im Jesus.
god And all of his disciples.
atom Im Hitler.
god And the millions he murdered.
atom Thats deep.
god You see Atom every act of hatred and violence you committed against another you were committing against yourself and every act of love and hand of kindness you also extended unto yourself.
atom God why do all this.
god Someday long from now you will become like me You will mature to become what I am.
atom Im a god.
god No not yet You see I was once where you stand right now It is not until you have lived every human life inside of your universe that I may take you from this place Once you have walked in the shoes of every race religion gender sexual orientation loving and hateful person it is only then that you will understand how precious life truly isYou might also.

set the Tone.
i dont want to rule or conquer anyone I should like to help everyone if possible Jew Gentile black man white We all want to help one another Human beings are like that We want to live by each others happiness not by each others misery We dont want to hate and despise one another In this world theres room for everyone and the good earth is rich and can provide for everyone The way of life can be free and beautiful but we have lost the way Greed has poisoned mens souls.
sinatra Sinatra shot ya goddamn you.
is this what you want Logic.
you are watching a master at work.
you have interfered with our affairs for the last time.

many men wish to acquire fame for the wrong reasons.
fans telling me never change but its hard to fight the seasons.
they hear me on the radio and now they yelling Treason.
cause Logic givin em mainstream verses like Ephesians.
but I never sacrificed my lyrics or my flow.
theres a time and place for everything so what the fuck you yelling for.
the fame hit me quicker than previously determined.
rattPack real all the time fuck a vermin.
motivated by money sex drugs and violence.
cause the era that we living in was built up on defiance.
what we need is alliance but yall dont really hear me though.
so hiphops a chariot and Logics finna carry it.
stallion coming for their necks like a medallion.
straight out of Sierra Leone.
motherfuckers its on Im under your skin like cortisone.
but Im on that Bull shit Michael Jordan.
cutting records after the show in my hotel while Im touring.
yeah and I aint even twentythree.
but my bank account can vouch Im ballin like an MVP.
yes its me LOGIC Im repping MD.
now what the fuck is a vacation I see no satisfaction.
i work twelve hours a day every day with no distraction.
seven days a week and twelve hours thats a lazy day.
going seventyfour hours with no sleep call that a crazy day.
as you can see my Jedi powers are far beyond yours.
this is Manhunt and I aint stopping till yall apprehended.
many years I have attended and finally been commended.
for keeping it real so finger fuck whoever Ive offended.
now pull out the MAC and watch them freeze like PCs.
im Celsius never graduated so fuck degrees.
i educate em with ease however listener please.
dont knock that last line school it just wasnt for me.
we all different and Im here to make a killing.
so say hello to the villain cause in this day that we livin in.
the nice guys finish last.
im blowing up guess you could say Im having a blast.
sinatra shot ya goddamn you.
you are watching a master at work.
is this what you.

top Ten.
i hope you.
feel this shit top ten flow and its still this shit.
went away had to get away been away came back and a motherfucker still the shit.
hold up whats real as this Feelin myself who ill as this.
mastered the flow from the east to the west but right now Im wondering how trill is this I.
been around for a minute now one hunnid Im in it now.
people that wasnt there back in the day talkin bout man remember Im winning now.
i could only imagine if I was beginning now back in the beginning now.
fuck that spent a mil on the chain and I tell my company deduct that.
get the fuck back.


first off.
i give a fuck about all that top five if I aint in it.
from the MIcrooked just to make em peep what Im cookin I love Mississippi.
i put a studio in my partner kitchen so by the way Im whippin.
you would think Im juggin these hoes.
cuttin crack and make em double back like excuse me nigga.
i need a stove nah I aint selling dope.
but this a metaphor for my flow.
til it bubble up and then rise some more.
so I can bag it up for these Insta folk.
if I hear KRIT you need a hit one more time.
lookin at us like How these motherfuckers gon undership mine.
still do an interview here and there.
where they dont even know that Im signed.
if I wait on the label to support my vision I might go blind.
lately Ive been on my tell it all get rich.
start plottin on my way I did.
to show like Empire may the very thing I dreamed of look like bullshit.
kill em all why not King when Im busy.
said who was here never really snowed in the sizzie.
fuck what ya heard multi til I dizzie bitch.

its the take I heard yall been checking my net worth.
what the fuck is yall doing Yall aint on my level.
boy go pay your rent first.
and then maybe Ill sign you Im looking for talent I hope that I find you.
wait a minute you asked me now let me tell you Now heres another problem.
they probably expecting that shit for the first album man fuck that.
theyll say that I changed and Ill say I had to show em my range.
cause if I do what I did then theyll say its the same.
whats wrong with it  Aight yeah uh.
money talks thats a figure of speech that went over their head.
like the dough that I throw in the air like Im Papa John.
that mafia money that Parmigian.
my shortie a dime your bitch is a nine.
pennies prolly take her to Dennys we chillin at Lennys.
you know I got 99 problems but keep it a hunnid you know that I done it.
just me and my homies we tryna make it to the summit.
praying that we dont plummet.
like Oh my God look at your boy now you finally done it.
ive been writing these records from actual facts.
so hopefully you learn something from it but what I learned is.
ive been on a grind and now they all know whats up.
so high so high.
i said Ive been on a grind and now they all know whats up.
so high so high.
ive been on a grind and now they all know whats up.
so high so high.
i said Ive been on a grind and now they all know whats up.
so high.

are You Ready.

on my Charlie Sheen homie yes I am a winner.
and when it comes to making music I am no beginner.
hit the stage and get wild my braniacs loud.
call me double 07 because I bond with the crowd.
you shine like a star but I sun it.
50 keep it a 100 homie you know I run it.
the game needs change and Logic can break a 100.
i had a shorty to bun it until she didnt want it.
so I focused on the flow and they gon put me on the map.
with a pocket full of change every day a different dime.
only fuck with golden girls and I aint talking Lifetime.
when I rhyme they up on me cause they seen how Ima shine.
now you may be wondering how my raps rock.
cause Im so fifth key to the right of caps lock.
and when my tracks drop Ima be sipping Ciroc.
with the whole skyline chillin in the backdrop.

shit nigga I was born ready.
and I swear Im what these rappers cant bear warn teddy.
my Pro Tools bouncing like a 64 Chevy.
im trying to win fast yall on that Eddie.
plus Carl and Harriet G is how I carry it.
been in it for miles dont believe ask Darius.
running this beach like Chariots of Fire.
i aspire to be higher than these superficial liars.
the attire I acquire cost a grip buy your pliers.
im a ball out and die in Maryland Len Bias.
apply a sire to my name yeah you aint know Im royal.
i foil from slick talk yeah trip off that oil.
toying with girls feelings lord forgive me I need healing.
i know you said its wrong but a long would make a killing.
hit the bong I hit the ceiling hit the drink I hit the floor.
if they show em in the buildin to the crowd then let me know.


amen.
this right here for anyone who ride with me.
heard me laugh watch me cry did time with me.
in the game not just on the sideline with me.
im a sinner Ill admit it but I got God with me.

been to Hell and back twice just to feel the burn.
if your ass dont fall down then youll never learn.
i just wanna be the best that I can be.
i just wanna be me even if it sound naive.
i thought acceptance from others it would set me free.
but it didnt no.
oh no it never did.
no matter what I say no matter what I give.
sometimes people make me question if I wanna live.
we call that a dark day such a dark day.
but I know tomorrow gon come it gon come my way.
and I know in my heart its gon be a better day its gon be a better day.
thats why I came here to say.

we make plans and God laughs.
feel like the older I get the quicker time pass.
some people live in the past others live in a flask.
even your pictureperfect life it could be gone in a flash.
texting on your way to work and now your brains on the dash.
we all powerless.
specially people think power last.
i aint cowardice but sometimes wish I lived behind a mask.
cause facing this world its such a rigorous task.
it feel like the world wanna put me in the casket.
wish I was stronger wish I could just get past it.
if you feelin how Im feelin when the song play blast it.
if you feelin how Im feelin when you hear this let me get an.


this right here for anyone who ride with me.
heard me laugh watch me cry did time with me.
in the game not just on the sideline with me.
im a sinner Ill admit it but I got God with me.
came up on Section 8 and I made it yo mom look.
writin these raps in a Louis Vuitton rhyme book.
i never thought Id make it out the hood and now Im shook.
i finally made it out my hood everybody look.
im across the street waving where the grass is greener.
hating on how far Ive come I dont give a damn Gina.
this a celebration with no invitation.
this the last one then Im done permanent vacation.
only place I felt I belonged was Babel station.
cooking crack cooking crack for my generation.
now its time to conclude the incredible true story and transformation.


a2Z.

you wanna learn your ABCs little Bobby.
yeah You wanna learn your ABCs Yeah.
yeah lets do it.

yeah ayy I been real thats all I ever knew how to be.
fuck what you heard I only write what I see.
second I deploy I destroy til the tank on E.
the underdog they wouldnt bank on me.
f em all I feel the beat in my heart like cholesterol check the EKG.
hNIC aint nobody flyer than me.
not a single one of you that I know conspire to be.
i hit the J and get as high as can be.
okay maybe not as high as can be.
im a businessman I got important people to see.
mainly No ID cooking up in studio D.
that underground shit L train across town shit.
this that Nas its like Queensbridge king crown shit.
study my lyricism whenever you and your friends meet.
i got enough Ms in the bank to make ends meet.
oh my God get gritty 96 P Diddy setting fire to the city.
keep it real keep it true sicker than the flu.
you can smoke government dope and not get higher than my IQ.
are you ready Im calm my arms are steady.
im armed and ready digging in you like a machete.
surprise confetti.
you going to need more than bed rest when I hit you with these 26 bullets no excess.
i never went to school never went to MIT but my imagination out of this world like MIB.
who are you to me These other rappers envy me the MVP born and raised in MD get it B.
dont get it confused fuck the style everyone use.
switch up the rhythm every track flows I never double use.
x marks the spot every day I give what I got.
thats why Im on top steady running shit and you not.
you steadily flop every album steadily drop.
think you can do it cause I do it  Come now boy better stop.
trying to take me out My advice is aim for the top.
i know I make rapping look easy but I promise its not.

bobs Demo 2005.
take one yo.
i set my sh.
nah on the second thought I cant play this.
come on play it man.
play that shit man.
come on nigga play that shit.
never one to flip scripts.
im more raw than imaginary rubbers.
rain in the gutter my talent is Night Killer.
always flowing venomous never rolling in regiments.
whipping riddles intelligence you got beef then we settle it.
possibilities is endless youll never catch me penless.
suicidal lyrics controvers like stemcell research.
aint no time to compromise my rhymes immortalized.
visualize as I vocalize worldly lies that were hypnotized.
staring into space like the Enterprise.
contemplating on words that shall arise.
mentality merciless never sympathize.
yeah.
smoking weed in gazebos incognito.
attracting more microphones than Magneto and thats real.
blunts keep rolling like bitches on E.

bohemian Trapsody.
every night.
i grab a little piece of earth and make it ignite.
im a satellite.
drifting through your nova at the speed of light.
every night.
i grab a little piece of earth and make it ignite.
im a satellite.
drifting through your nova at the speed of light.
i guess I I guess I I guess I I guess I should know.
i guess I I guess I I guess I I guess I should know.
yes I said yes I said yes I said yes I should know oh.

and when I fall for you.
thats when Ill break down my wall for you.
promise that Id risk it all for you.
promise to reveal my all for you.
thats when I fall for you.
thats when Ill break down my wall for you.
promise that Id risk it all for you.
promise to reveal my all for you.

oh na na na na na na na.
oh na na na na na na na.
every night.
i grab a little piece of earth and make it ignite.
im a satellite.
drifting through your nova at the speed of light.
i guess I I guess I I guess I I guess I should know.
i guess I I guess I I guess I I guess I should know.
yes I said yes I said yes I said yes I should know oh.

and when I fall for you.
thats when I break down my wall for you.
promise that Id risk it all for you.
promise to reveal my all for you.
and when I fall for you.
thats when I break down my wall for you.
promise that Id risk it all for you.
promise to reveal my all for you.


and when I fall for you.
thats when Ill break down my wall for you.
promise that Id risk it all for you.
promise to reveal my all for you.
and when I fall for you.
thats when Ill break down my wall for you.
fall for you.
fall for you yeah.
fall.

hold up pour up.
break it down and we roll up sho nough.
break it down for me shawty.
break it down for me.
break it down for.
hold up pour up.
break it down and we roll up sho nough.
break it down for me shawty.
break it down for me.
break it down for.

elevated feelin elevated took a hit of weed and shit escalated.
feeling innovative Ima integrate it yeah thats why I made it.
keep it classic yo shit is dated.
we poppin you aint poppin we aint related never hesitated.
pass the weed like a legislator likelike.

contact.
destabilization complete prepare for departure.
took you long enough.
oh Im sorry your highness Ill have to try and ask the asteroid field I had to detour through to not try and kill me next time.

man Im just messing with you.

yeah whatever.

so whatd you do on the way over here.

um you knowjust listening to some oldies.
oldies Like who.

logic.

logic The fuck you know about Logic.

i just listened to his first album on the ride over.

under Pressure.

yeah thats the one.

shit.

i was actually gonna put in the second one now.

alright wellyou know this was the album that changed everything right.
i know thats why its so.

ordinary Day.
it was an ordinary day.
until I saw you crawl around my way.
and the night goes.
on and on and on and on.
on and on and on and on.
on and on and on and on.
on and on and on and on.
it was an ordinary day.
until I saw you crawl around my way.
and the night goes.
on and on and on and on.
on and on and on and on.

cocaine in the back hard liquor to the right.
dont really drink but shit I might.
this the type of shit I like everyone just livin life.
livin life like this is dangerous.
anybody aint just this famous.
everybody from the young to the old.
anybody with a little bit of money get shameless.
you know you fuckin boujee you know you fuckin dumb.
you know you get the shit smacked outta you back where Im from.
hold up wait up.
this shit is made up.
feel like Im dreamin Ima wake up.
girl I can see through yo makeup.
i can tell by the look in yo eyes.
i can tell by the fact you dont know how to act.
i see right through yo lies.
im a real mothafucker whatcha know bout that.
like yeah wassup.
everybody out here actin tough.
i might get drunk call yo bluff.
this right here yeah thats yo nuff.
yeah you know me I know you.
but bitch I been here before you.
ima show you Ima show you Ima show you.
and so they tell me that they love me.
but I know thats its all for show its all for show.
and I tell her that she lovely.
but she know thats its all for show its all for show.

it was an ordinary day.
until I saw you crawl around my way.
and the night goes.
on and on and on and on.
on and on and on and on.
on and on and on and on.
on and on and on and on.

oh all right all right.
i know everyones fakin it tonight.
but I know that I love the way I feel right now.
so I dont wanna let them bring me down.
its an ordinary day Im gonna live it how I like.

it was an ordinary day.
until I saw you crawl around my way.
and the night goes.
on and on and on and on.
on and on and on and on.
on and on and on and on.
on and on and on and.

limitless.
you the man you know you the man.
rollie on your hand its the jam.
just dont give a damn.
coolin with the fam goin ham.
fly to Vegas get the band.
haters hate me but they stan.
cause the things they wish they could they know I can goddamn.

you the man you know you the man.
rollie on your hand.
you the man you know you the man.
just dontjust dontjust dont give a damn.
coolincoolin with the fam goin ham.
now they all know who I am now they all know who I am.
you the man you know you the man.
rollie on your hand.
you the man you know you the man.
just dontjust dontjust dont give a damn.
coolincoolin with the fam goin ham.
now they all know who I am now they all know who I am.

goddamn this shit been the plan do it cause I can.
made more money than 99 percent do in they lifespan.
fuckin hand reachin up at night I do not give a damn.
spend a lot to make a lot and then we do that shit again.
1967 Bronco pull up like I serve that blanco.
1800 made my bank account look like a phone number.
your career goin under Im top five thats alive thats no lie.
you aint in the conversation couldnt make it if you tried.
if you aint droppin shit like all the time.
then people think you died.
shit too easy for my blood they quick to leave you crucified.
shit aint work out with my last TMZ act like I lied.
called Jermaine for some advice.
cause these people think Im careless.
he said Bobby on the real man fuck em all.
you should care less.
you the man you know you the man.
just dontjust dontjust dont give a damn.
coolincoolin with the fam goin ham.
you the man you know you the man.
rollie on your hand.
you the man you know you the man.
just dontjust dontjust dont give a damn.
coolincoolin with the fam goin ham.
now they all know who I am now they all know who I am.

now they all know who I am the fuckin man.
ima get it like that baby girl now tell me do you understand.
i swear my only motivation is your elation I feel the sensation.
baby girl be patient my heart is racing.
she keep on telling me she promise she aint never done this before.
i said I know thats a lie but I love when you try.
and I just cant live without it.
even the thought of you leaving I cant think about it.

you say you say you say.
you know you the man you know you the man.
you the only man who truly understands.
i said I know Im the man yeah I know I am.
aint no doubt about it.
every single move I make they always seem to write about it.
thats why I never leave the compound.
always up inside it I aint never in the streets.
when I am they come runnin to the boy to the boy.
i got way too many people nowadays Im tryna avoid.
i aint been on the Gram in months that shit get me too annoyed.
all the weed inside these blunts.
got me feelin paranoid like noid like.
yeezy Bobby take it easy my dawg.
why you always make it look so easy my dawg.
yeah these haters talking shit but success is my shield.
scarecrow flow Im outstanding in my field.
i just texted J J Abrams on some million dollar shit.
yeah my movie gon be crazy first I gotta polish shit.
schoolin all you fuckin rappers this right here the scholarship.
if my presence near your presence.
then you best acknowledge it bitch.
you the man you know you the man.
rollie on your hand.
you the man you know you the man.
just dontjust dontjust dont give a damn.
coolincoolin with the fam goin ham.
now they all know who I am now they all know who I am.
you the man you know you the man.
rollie on your hand.
you the man you know you the man.
just dontjust dontjust dont give a damn.
coolincoolin with the fam goin ham.
now they all know who I am now they all know who I am.

now they all know who I.

cocaine.
yeah.

cocaine cocaine cocaine cocaine molly.
percocet my rep move up like a dolly.
if I talk about this shit more often prolly.
if I talk about this shit more often more often.
cocaine cocaine cocaine cocaine molly.
percocet my rep move up like a dolly.
if I talk about this shit more often prolly.
if I talk about this shit more often more often.

i aint never fuckin with no sneak diss.
best get off my dick boy you better not repeat this.
cocaine what I flip jump in the whip cannot compete with.
a real OG like me you know I get that dough like deep dish.
got the party jumpin in Atlanta like Im Freaknik.
got the party jumpin in Atlanta like Im Donald Glover.
i dont want no good girl Im thinking I need a freak bitch.
i dont want no good girl cause your boy aint no lover.
fuck her with no rubber then I bounce back.
smokin on some shit so good I cant even pronounce that.
shawty drop it low and make it bounce back.
smokin on some shit so good I cant even pronouncenounce.
cocaine cocaine cocaine cocaine molly.
percocet my rep move up like a dolly.
if I talk about this shit more often prolly.
if I talk about this shit more often more often.
cocaine cocaine cocaine cocaine molly.
percocet my rep move up like a dolly.
if I talk about this shit more often prolly.
if I talk about this shit more often more often.

uh I dont really wanna glorify it but the streets glorify it.
so I gotta glorify it fore the people throw a riot.
if I dont talk about it on my album they wont buy it.
man fuck that listen up quiet.
they wanna see a black man fall down uh.
they wanna see a black man lose.
they wanna see a black man fall down.
they want more blacks to sing the blues.
they wanna see a black man fall down.
they wanna see a black man lose.
they wanna see a black man fall down.
they want more blacks to sing the blues.
bank dont wanna give me a loan for my house.
thats why I sell bricks by the gas station.
never had a foundation.
white man split up all my people on the plantation.
hope somebody prayin for all they salvation.
hope somebody prayin for all they salvation.
even though this the dialogue inside of my brain.
im filled with pain but I just cant seem to refrain from.
cocaine cocaine cocaine cocaine molly.
percocet my rep move up like a dolly.
if I talk about this shit more often prolly.
if I talk about this shit more often more often.
cocaine cocaine cocaine cocaine molly.
percocet my rep move up like a dolly.
if I talk about this shit more often prolly.
if I talk about this shit more.

no Biggie.
sinatra.
it was all a dream.
platinum Chanel.
you are now watching a master at work.
no Biggie.
yeah my name is Riley son.
but you know what niggas call me.
aKA Riley Escobar know what Im saying.
cause I be in the streets you know.
i got all kinds of names like HR Paper Stacks.
uh also known as AKA Horse Choker uh.
hey yo Ill chop you up in sixteen pieces.
in front of your nieces while Im eating Reeses.
and wont even offer them any yes I spit plenty.
this is East Coast flow at its finest.
in the studio where you find us put a bullet where your spine is.
at sixteen I was skipping school and smoking chronic.
while you was learning about English Big L was teaching Ebonics.
i spit fire so demonic writing code like Im masonic.
a Jedi master breaking it down like old plaster.
no medication for this track cause this is how a psycho rips.
my bank account is like casino vaults your pockets microchips uh.
motherfucker I dare you to test it hope youre well rested.
whoop your ass and get arrested in a double breasted.
louis Vuitton diamond encrested tailor made suit.
now thats All Sinatra Everything.
i explode like hollow tips on contact.
chronologically murder schmoe theres no bringing Joe back.
puffing cubans and sipping Cognac.
mafietic mentality introduce me to this beat and its fatality.
i kill mics like Conrad Murray.
sharp like Hanzo steel the rest is obtuse.
i get loose when sipping Goose and rhyme like Doc Seuss.
flow tight like noose whoop ass like Bruce no time for a truce.
alphabetical mathematic addict.
i spit sixteens so erratic you think it was a semiautomatic.
i know by now you thinking Oh my God he let them have it.
but that was just a loan time to collect like Im Capone.
reap what Ive sewn in other words that is the throne.
chilling while homies smoking marijuan.
if you thinking that this shit is wack well then youre dead wrong.
cause for every emotion and every mood I have a song.
for the club for the streets for the whip and for the sheets.
cause this is where intellect and versatility meets.
im Young Sinatra backstage chilling with BobbySoxers.
i got ya.
yeah.
you wanna fuck with us.
fuck with us.

shine On.
we should shine a light on a light on.
and the book of rightons right on it was right on.
we should shine a light on a light on.
and the book of rightons right on it was right on.
we should shine a light on a light on.
and the book of rightons right on it was right on.
we should shine a light on a light on.
and the book of rightons right on it was right on.

uh now they lost it I found it we leave em astounded.
asking me how you so fly yet you still so grounded.
i replied I died inside resurrected a beast.
leave em deceased musics in my genes like a crease.
got it capisce Hungry as hell trying to eat now.
success is the only thing that can complete us.
grinding to free us the beat knocking like a fetus.
now Ive accepted Im not from the hood.
cause sellin crack and bustin gats dont make my raps good.
see this is me LOGIC reppin MD to the fullest.
push us to the limit but never pull us now.
i cant wait til I see my name in neon.
that fly shit I be on flowin for eons.
every day I take chances Celine Dion.
said every day I take chances Celine Dion lets get it.
im a diamond in the rough but I shine like disco.
surrounded by greasy people like I doused them in Crisco.
i havent shined yet so tell me where does the rest go.
up a million percent until they finally hear this though.
bumping up in they city like oh my God this go.
my business getting better every year like fiscal.
fuck a pad and a pen a mic my only utensil.
im a original see but they trace like stencil.
a stain in the game but you fade like pencil.
biting off of my rhymes that aint even an insult.
cause you couldnt produce and in the end that shits your fault.
it takes 3 millions years for a diamond to shine.
i did it in 21 see Im ahead of my time.
cause when I flow the crowd never roll cause I rock.
on the road to success haters in my blind spot.
cause I got no time to bullshit.
we should shine a light on a light on.
and the book of rightons right on it was right.

just a Man.
yeah this is my vision.
written without second thought or revision.
the type of shit that affect you like an oncoming collision.
that just make you freeze drop to your knees and beg em.
please Lord forgive me for gripping a semi now.
when searching for God all I ever do is stare up.
while Satan sending me women.
wearing nothing but they hair up.
got the condom on the dresser I cant wait to undress her.
would you think lesser of me if I did it.
cause I get lonely Im human and boy its been a minute.
fresh out the states surrounded by women that wanna hit it.
but should I take the pussy just cause I could get it.
or do I want something thats more committed.
god damn its hard to admit it.
as you focus on the little things the bigger ones will get you.
so I minimize the negatives to see the bigger picture.
i get richer while you fuckers hate.
so keep it up and watch a young brother elevate.
im black and white but racism I still cannot evade.
i never understood the concept even to this day.
you know were all the same in the eyes of a blade.
because when men shed blood its still the same shade.

thats why Im just a man homie.
flesh and blood Im just a man.
but I dont think they understand homie.
i aint perfect Im just a man.
yeah yall think Im more than just a man.
i contemplate on the daily if Ill survive and strive.
to be the greatest lyricist dead or alive I gotta prevail.
thats my word like excel.
went from a small town in West Deer Park to XXL.
now we shopping at Louis V back in the day it was Ross.
they calling me the savior hope they dont give me the cross.
now thats the realest shit you ever heard.
never in the streets but I was closer than the curb.
do you feel meWhole world wanna kill me.
signed a deal but Im still mein five years will I still be.
ever since I was a youngin this is all Ive ever wanted.
always kept it real while they perpetrated and fronted.
i was in the studio while they was gettin blunted.
always have my doubts but deep down I knew Id run it.
sportin Armani like menage a trois thats double breasted.
a lot of time Ive invested and never once have I rested.
feeling nervous like when you getting tested.
the game is over saturated completely infested.
the greatest story ever told realest song ever written.
to hell with a Plan B motherfucker I aint kiddin.
im just trying to get this money Im just trying to get paid.
thats the type of mentality put careers in the grave.
fuck how much you made.
whats it worth if your memory fade.
now I aint perfect on occasion Im strayed.
its been forever since I prayed and I guess today is the day.
so I step in the booth and treat that shit like a confessional.
thinking back as I reminisce.
wondering does God even exist.
a man of faith but mentally I feel at risk.
what you want from me where am I supposed to go.
seems like you never talk tell me how Im supposed to know.
im just a man I aint perfectis this life even worth it.
its time to dig up the past so fuck it lets unearth it.
like my childhood living free like a child should.
remember the time I opened the bedroom door crack.
and saw my daddy smoking more crack.
no food in my house we just couldnt afford that.
momma drinking sleeping until five.
but she always seemed to get up whenever men arrived.
feeling alone at like eleven.
segregated from the other kids like it was 1957.
ive loved Ive hated Ive cried Ive died inside.
ive resurrected but dont neglect that Ive modified.
im stronger faster better than ever before.
and everything Ive been through can honestly assure.
im no less no more.
thats why Im just a man homie.
flesh and blood Im just a man.
but I dont think they understand homie.
i aint perfect Im just a man.
yall think Im more than just a.

pretty Young Girl.
shes a pretty young girl doin pretty young things.
shes a pretty young lady pullin at my heartstrings.
pretty young girl take my hand.
ill be your man Ill be your man.
i dont think you know all the things you do to me.
its new to me its all the things Ive never known before.
i dont think you know all the things you do to me.
its new to me its all the things Ive never known before.
yeah before.
and I and I.

im fucked up.
i mean I really am hurt.
youre new and youre beautiful.
but experience tells me this aint gonna work.
youre just like all the rest suffering in disguise.
behind those beautiful eyes lies lies and I.
just cant do it again I just dont wanna pretend.
that itll work in the end.
or if it dont well be friends.
my heart cant take no more Im sincerely sure.
but if that shit was true why in the hell am I singing for.

a pretty young girl doin pretty young things.
shes a pretty young lady pullin at my heartstrings.
pretty young girl take my hand.
ill be your man Ill be your man.
i dont think you know all the things you do to me.
its new to me its all the things Ive never known before.
i dont think you know all the things you do to me.
its new to me its all the things Ive never known before.
yeah last shorty I aint have no free time.
gave her all my everything aint never had no metime.
too scared to commit no dont want no rewind.
i could give a fuck what the world think we fine.
ive been feelin shook dont know where to look.
last girl got me sprung threw out my black book.
now I aint got no Rolodex but I aint lookin back though.
i aint jumpin back up in the game show me the backdoor.
i aint got no time for thots that shit is a bad idea.
i dont got no time for hoes I only want a good girl who knows.
how to get wild with it start out shy wit it.
like she from the 312 til I hit it.
shorty know your limits get up in it yeah Im good.
im good Im good.

and shes a pretty young girl doin pretty young things.
shes a pretty young lady pullin at my heartstrings.
pretty young girl take my hand.
ill be your man Ill be your man.
i dont think you know all the things you do to me.
its new to me its all the things Ive never known before.
i dont think you know all the things you do to me.
its new to me its all the things Ive never known before.
yallyall walkin around instead of helpin us out right.
right no lies.
hahaha.

last Call.
ayo real talk 6ix.
as soon as you played me this joint I already knew.
i was like Yo this some fucking Last Call shit.
and it got me hella excited cause I always wanted to do like.
a Last Call I remember the first time I heard Kanyes.
i thought that shit was so tight dawg.
and I was like man Im tryna tell my story you know what Im sayin.
and then uh I remember Cole did it when did he do it.
he was on Friday Night.
nah nah he did it on The Warm Up yo.
and when he did the Last Call on The Warm Up I was like Damn Im tryna do mine.
so sincesince this joint got that vibe Ima do my own Last Call right now for yall.
and my voice is messed up too this is the last track of Young Sinatra.

yeah yeah.
back in the day I wasnt shit homie.
penny pinchin I couldnt even pay the rent homie.
thinkin bout it I wonder where them years went homie.
just a youngin tryna survive they was hatin on me.
i was working that ninetofive I was waitin homie.
i was bussin tables fantasizin bout cakin homie.
letting em slip away my dreams wasnt waitin on me.
this for anyone with ambition calling anybody thatll listen.
im wishing all your dreams come true cause mine did.
and yeah you know I had to put that in the rhyme kit.
but that shit came from sacrifice.
yeah.
someway somehow I understood finally.
if you want to come and get it you know where to find me.
cause I aint got no time for anybody that be tryin me.
know if they dont understand Ima leave em behind me.
obviously.
i aint got no time no no.
i said obviously.
i said I dont got no time no no no no no.

yeah yeah.
i treat the beat like its my only son my DNA.
and this that Southernplayalistic shit like we was in the A.
back in the day I was Young Broke  Infamous.
a Young Sinatra that was Undeniable.
who Welcomed you To Forever while Under Pressure.
and told you The Incredible True Story of Bobby Tarantino.
and Everybody in the Ultra 85.
goddamn it feel good to be alive.
and all these bitches that I passed up.
couldnt fuck witcha cause your hair was too gassed up.
member creeping with the gat masked up.

god damn its kinda crazy to reminisce on all this shit man.
what it was like growing up.
damn man just motherfuckers running in and out of the crib.
doing drugs selling drugs all types of stuff.
meanwhile I was just tryna keep it together.
i was tryna make sensesense of all this shit around me.
i didnt know how to take it how to perceive it you know what I mean.
and then meanwhile Im supposed to be going to school and getting good grades and shit.
but Im seeing like domestic violence in my house.
and just so much going on.
and Im sure everybody was probably like Man yo.
why little Bobby didnt come to school today.
on the real I was doin anything to run away.
and thats the same reason kids join gangs every day.
cause they wanna be accepted but at home they too neglected.
meanwhile white America quick to call him a thug.
but all he ever wanted was a father to give him some love.
tell him that he love him that he need him.
promise he wont ever leave him.
never smoke crack never lie and wont never beat him.
it feel like for my life I been needed a break.
looking at my family I aint wanna make the same mistake.
and I know that shit sound fucked up but they not all doin great.
oh God please.
can I have a conversation with a member of my family without it ending asking me for five Gs.
i learned something I aint giving yall a dime.
ill give you something worth morethats my time.
i aint dropping stacks Im dropping knowledge.
unless its for my nieces and nephews to go to college.
and hit me on the phone hit me up.
like Uncle Bob where you at.
yeah I know your pockets fat but I dont give a fuck bout that.
we a halfbreed family yeah yeah uh.
man see I remember when I was like fifteen years old.
and my dad took me to the studio.
i know this is random Im tryna take you guys through it right.
and Ill never forget it I had like eight rhyme books.
hell tell youhell tell you man.
i just I went through them motherfuckers.
i was rapping for like fifteen minutes straight.
and that was my first time yo.
i was like tenth grade in the studio.
and I knew that this was what I wanted to do.
i knew it.

i knew it ever since I first saw Kill Bill.
i been flowin like that blood Uma Thurman spilled.
none other than the RZA yeah he did the soundtrack.
and then I discovered WuTang soon as I found that.
and then Big L Mos Def and Nas it wasnt no turning back.
i couldnt change it if I tried homie how bout that.
see Im a student of the game so simple and plain.
but Ima take it back to before I ever sat first class on a plane.
i was in College Park right.
well I guess technically if you wanna go before that.
i was uh I was living in Germantown.
uh nah actually it was Montgomery Village.
back in Maryland I was living in my sisters basement.
and then some shit happened you know she kicked me out.
it was Christmas whatever I love you Genie.
anyway so shit happened and then I just kept it pushing.
you know I was homeless for a little while whatever you know.
i went uh I stayed at mymy mentors house Solomon.
uh and then I stayed back at mymy godparents house.
mary Jo and Bernie I love yall.
uh Mary Jo Im sorry back when I used to smoke.
i would steal the shit out of your cigarettes.
i love you Im sorry about that but.
you rememberalways she would let me record.
id always be recording in the attic or wherever I could so.
i love youthank you for supporting me there.
but then she was like You gotta get the fuck outta here too.
after a while she gave me some time.
but like I was twenty years old at this point.
she was like Nah you gotta get the fuck outta here and do something with your life.
and this was right around the time that I opened up my first show ever for Ghostface Killah man.
in Gaithersburg right in Old Town.
the shit was insane Ill never forget it.
and thats where I met my boy Lenny Big Lenbo wassup.
thats right man we just started kicking it and hanging.
he lived in College Park and before I knew it I was livingI was living with him in his basement.
and this was right around the time I met 6ix.
and 6ix was going to the University of Maryland at the time which was right down the street.
so Id always go to their dorm room.
i rememberthere was nights I would just crash in the dorm when we was making beats.
we was doing all types of shit man.
when we first got out we did the first Young Sinatra.
and now we on the fourth Young Sinatra motherfucker That shit is crazy man.
and I remember like I used to steal quarters from Lenny just so I could go to the 711 to eat.
and he was like You idiot why are you stealing Just ask me bro And I was supposed to get a job I wassee I was sleeping in uh his basement on the couch.
which is thethe the cover to my first album Under Pressure.
shout out Cathy shout out the Rosado family all my beautiful brown people.
we made it its crazy.
but nah nah listen Im getting ahead of myself Im getting ahead of myself.
so like I was staying with him and I was supposed to get a job right.
and he was like Yo you gotta get a fucking job bro.
things were going so good with the music that we kinda stopped talking about it.
it seemed like every week something new was happening.
and I just sat him down one day and I was like Look bro Iplease like can you just give me one year like just give me one year man let me put everything into this and if I dont get it fuck it Ill just submit and Ill justIll just blend into society.
and he was like Bro Ima give you one year.
and for one year him his family all the homies Benny everybody man.
they took care of me they puthe put clothes on my back he put food in my stomach.
you know he helped me with microphones and recording.
and yo almost a year to the fucking day bro I signed to Def Jam.
and my man he was a land surveyor out there like making sure all the buildings get built.
rain snow sleet all that shit for twelve years dawg.
and when I signed my deal I said Fuck that Quit your job were moving to LA.
this shit was crazy so we get to LA.
were staying off Coldwater Canyon.
alta Mesa in Studio City man.
and Im going to the studio with No ID every day.
and uhh like shit is crazy.
thats the first time I met Cole yo shout out Cole thats my fucking boy.
big Sean all these homies man that I met it was crazy.
don Cannon everybody.
thats when I first met Kev.
bobby my engineerwhat up Bobby.
it was just like life was insane.
i dropped uh Young Sinatra Undeniable and that was crazy.
that was insane cause that was the first time.

me and my boys ever hit the road.
on the real you know we went from zero to overload.
performing in front of the fans had they hands waving.
this is all I ever wanted this is all Im craving.
me and my boy Chris shocked the game.
two visionaries on a mission shit aint been the same.
some ups and downs came around had a lot of problems.
but no matter what happen you know wed always solve em.
yeah wed always solve em like.

man its kinda crazy thinking about it though.
like so much has happened yo.
and I mean shit by the time yall are hearing this Im 28.
im 27 while Im recording it.
i mean right now literally Im working on Bobby Tarantino Ultra 85 Young Sinatra IV.
and a whole bunch of other shit man this is crazy.
acting writing like.
im justIm just so I cant believe Im here man.
we grinded for so long we worked for so long yo.
and motherfuckers they hate you man.
they try to make me feel bad about how I look how I speak.
how I rap how I act my race my everything.
they justthey they fucking hate you man.
theyll hate you when youre in this position.
but you cant let emyou cant let em you cant let that shit get to you man.
continue to persevere continue to be the best you you can be Cause Im here right now man best friends.
i got everything I could ever want man.
even though you always want more deep down.
and you got goals deep down thats great man but fuck that shit.
im so happy Im so blessed man.
so if youre listening to this right now.
no matter how old you are how young you are.
whether you on the school bus headed to get your education.
or you driving home from work pissed off at your boss.
just man just please do what you love in life.
so many people they always say how Oh you know I would do thisbut or I cant because.
and you already fucking lost they lost.
and I feel bad for that person cause that person will never make it I would but I dont have the money I would but I dont have the time.
fuck that you gotta do it man.
you gotta do what makes you happy.
you have to live selfishly in that aspect.
stop worrying about others stop freaking out.
just focus on yourself man and your own happiness.
thats the realest thing.
and thats all I can tell you because.
you cant help anybody else until you can help yourself you know what Im saying.
so please put theput the mask on first like they say on the airplane cuz.
put yourput your own motherfucking mask on.
and go do it man.
go do it just live your life.

i love yall thank you so much for tuning in.
uh I hope youve enjoyed this Young Sinatra experience I know I have.
uh this is prolly gon be the last one though.
uh this gon be the last one for sure.
im coming back with some fun but I dont know.
i love you guys Ultra 85s gonna be crazy I mean crazy Bobby Tarantinos that trap shit woo.
we took em back with this boom bap.
now we we finna head to the future.
we aint scared we makin music for everybody you know what I mean.
i love yalllook at that Murrland accent coming out.
i dont know why every time I get on the mic that Murrland accent.
go ahead cuh jah like all day boy you sound like Wale back of your neck haha.
i love yall so much.
rattPack.
yeah yeah.


all Sinatra Everything.
young Sinatra Its like this man niggas man.
niggas know not to fuck around with this shit though.
i dont give a fuck how nasty niggas get Nah son.
let me tell these niggas something God.
i dont want niggas sounding like me on no album.
keep it real get your own shit man and be original.
word up Thats all man Be a better man.
and you gon you gon come out on your own way.
whatever how you gon take it man fuck it Rat Pack niggas.

ayo I force MCs to bleed retreat and recede.
thats the Young Sinatra creed killin a track with incredible speed.
and doin it like its nothin no bluffin gotta kill it everyday though.
slice MCs like Kato gotchya head spinnin like dreidel.
assassinate em so fatal grip the heat and then tell ya to freeze.
gettin cheddar at negative thirty degrees.
im talkin mula money euro dollars that yen.
blow it lets spend it again Im livin the life until the end.
cant comprehend what I got goin never knowin when Logic flowin.
cause Im creepin like ether the way that I seep in.
swimmin in women like the deep end.
chillin with shorties that smoke reefer and blow like Aretha uh.
now Sinatra said the best revenge is massive success.
i guess thats women and multiple digits in excess.
ya family broke bread but my familys bread was soggy.
till my brothers broke bricks like Mr Miyagi.
now what the fuck.
bring it on if you think you can hang.
im out for dead fucking presidents to represent me.
yeah bring it on if you think you can hang.
and if not then let me do my thing Rat Pack niggas.
yeah bring it on if you think you can hang.
and if not then let me do my thing Rat Pack niggas.
yeah bring it on if you think you can hang.
and if not then let me do my thing You are watching a master at work.

all of a sudden I feel the inner killer emergin.
never splurgin bingin money and never purgin.
urgin women to fuck on the rug cause its imported Persian.
then bypass matters of the heart like a surgeon.
now its hard to ball when theres problems within the inner circle.
one moment they cool as Stefan then flip it like Urkel.
or flip it like keys yeah they flip it like kis.
from drug lords overseas that export it with ease.
bitch please we stack cheese so old its mold.
im bout that money so excuse me if my heart is cold.
the magnum deployed then I destroy mattresses.
i broke in the game and destroyed the first couple stages.
visionary takin over regardless of our ages.
makin history today to solidify in the pages of tomorrow.
the industry is fucked nothin but sorrow but Im.
playin for keeps in other words no need to borrow.
so you can keep your advances wack hooks and pop dances.
dont get me wrong Im all about the mainstream.
as long as I sign the deal I want and have the same team.
and now they trippin like a flight to Vegas.
tellin me that Ill never make it and this shit is outrageous.
now what the fuck.
bring it on if you think you can hang.
im out for dead fucking presidents to represent me.
yeah bring it on if you think you can hang.
and if not then let me do my thing Rat Pack niggas.
yeah bring it on if you think you can hang.
and if not then let me do my thing Rat Pack niggas.
yeah bring it on if you think you can hang.
and if not then let me do my thing You are watching a master at work.

therefore youre never mourn like a memory repressed.
mCs digest quicker than bullets shot from a gat with the barrel suppressed.
one to the dome two to the chest.
if by chance they got a vest however nevertheless.
im lookin for that real deal shit that make me feel.
pleasure and pain aint no way to measure the game.
i got haters in fiftyseven languages watch me vanquish this.
the come up bust quicker than 357 caliber.
sharp as Excalibur crushin muthafuckas like Gallagher now.
time is money something you can never recoup.
so stop wastin mine hit rewind and then fuckin regroup.
never in public cause Im a studio fiend.
rockin diamonds and gettin money we call that ice cream.
now allow me to give you the scoop shit Ill make it a double.
i came up around more rocks than Barney Rubble.
murderers and drug dealers I knew it no rebuttal.
aint no need to claim it picked up the heat but never aimed it.
now Jay gave us The Blueprint I lay the foundation.
tell ya what Im facin bars like incarceration.
cause my mind is always racin aint no time for vacations.
im never pacin unless Im on the phone talkin business.
get wit this best witness like Christmas Im fuckin rappin.
walk in the spot and all these haters go for the dap and.
i never carried em kill em with kindness then bury em yeah.
i was born with talent God gave me the gift.
and now I pull more strings than guitar riffs.
what the fuck.
bring it on if you think you can hang.
im out for dead fucking presidents to represent me.
yeah bring it on if you think you can hang.
and if not then let me do my thing Rat Pack niggas.
yeah bring it on if you think you can hang.
and if not then let me do my thing Rat Pack niggas.
yeah bring it on if you think you can hang.
and if not then let me do my thing You are watching a master at work.
yeah bring it on if you think.

sinatra.
rat Pack niggas.
young Sinatra.
east Coast flow at its.

500 Days of Summer.
i did it today I made myself say.
and I take back my tears my sight my love.
no more does your magic work on my heart.
no more will your words ever tear me apart.
i know now for certain nothings burning anymore.

i love her smile I love her hair I love her teeth I love this heartshaped birthmark she has on her neck I love the way she sometimes licks her lips before she talks I love the sound of her laugh.

i can feel it now its coming soon.
it is my world my sun and moon.
once upon a time this world was love.
but now I know this is everything that Ive dreamed of.
so take it slow speed it up.
every time I see you I just want to beat it up.
maybe not but thats a lie.
cmon baby girl there aint no need to cry.
just let me go or let me know.
why the hell you wanna stick around fo.
arms length thats all you do.
dont get too close that is the rule.
i remember when I met her back in high school.
science class sitting on the stool.
now Im feelingfeeling like a fool.
cause I cut that tie months ago this girl is cruel.
or maybe not just very lovely.
no matter what she says I know she still loves me.
so can I loveIve already asked.
who wouldve known matters of the heart.
would be such a task.
i hate summer I hate her crooked teeth I hate her 1960s haircut I hate her knobby knees I hate her cockroachshaped splotch on her neck I hate the way she smacks her lips before she talks And I hate the way she sounds when she laughs.

she used to be my girl.
but now she just a girl Im fucking.
she used to mean the world to me.
but now that world is nothing.
i wouldve put a ring on that finger but I couldnt afford it.
so I laced it with ribbon she adored it.
sometimes I wonder if she thinks of me.
but my mind tells me to focus on work so instinctively.
how could the pussy be that good.
cause my feelings involved.
til my shorty evolved and her feelings dissolved.
but thats what happens when you find them young.
treat them like royalty and they will run.
searching the world for perfect love and realize youre the one.
but they fucked up cause now that shit is done.
this is a letter to the woman of my dreams.
love what she brings.
so listen baby girl cause everything aint what it seems.
you either know me now or Imma meet you after fame.
but one things for sure your life will never be the same.
cause youre gonna be my wife and my mistress.
so understand now I cant be there for every Christmas.
i love you more than anything but I could never risk this.
on stage living life while youre forced to miss.

a Word from Our Sponsor.
this motherfucker better pick up the God damn phone this time Jesus Christ.
thank you for calling RattPack Industries.
yes hel.
where we dont fuck with anybody.
someone will be with you momentarily.
jesus man seriously Jesus bro fuck bro.
current wait time is 1 minute.
fuck man fuckers better not have me waiting all God damn day in hereJesus.
while you wait please listen to a word from our sponsors.
yknow its crazy cause its two types of motherfuckers.
its one motherfucker talking bout.
oh Logics so slept on hes so lowkey.
knowing damn well this motherfucker did 135K first week.
first fucking week.
then its other motherfuckers talking bout.
oh Logics blowing up hes getting so big now I dont want him to blow up on me Oh Logics changing.
cause he made a turnt ass mixtape.
were going to be bumping this shit the whole summer.
the fuck.
current wait time is 36 minutes.
36 minutes It was just a minuit was just one minute.
what the fuck.
and do yall not listen to lyrics.
hes making a whole other concept album.
thats fucking insane.
this man dropped a project every year for six years.
i mean Im not complaining though but.
current wait time is 1 hour 40 minutes.
1 houWHAT THE F This thisthis is gotta be hands down the fucking worst customer service of all time.
you can justI cant.
this motherfucker made a number one album.
what.
made a mixtape after.
oh my God.
and then hes making another concept album.
this is fucking bullshit.
like his first shit didnt already go Number 1.
nobody cares.
this motherfuckers on a roll.
nOBODY CARES.
this motherfuckers like butter hes on a roll motherfucker.
current wait time is.
okay God thank God.
16 hours.
what the WHAT THE FUCK.
and its peace love and positivity.
logic is the only rap concert you can go to.
and not get shot in the face.
like this motherfucker actually loves his fans.
you name it YouTube videos Periscope Vlogs QAs.
this motherfucker does it all.
you name it he does it The fuck.
wHAT FUCKING RAPPER DOES THAT.
current wait time is.
okay.
go fuck yourself.
gogo fuck WHAT.
and this motherfucker.
can solve up to seven Rubix Cubes in a minute.
wHO THE FUCK DO YOU KNOW CAN DO THAT.
this is ridiculous.
no one is available at this time.
wHAT Im gonna let this motherfucker have it.
please leave a message after the tone.
oh heyhi Logic.
hey hows it going.
my names MarRick.
my names Randy Mardoff.
definitely never spoken before.
i was calling just to say uh.
just wanted to wish you ugh lots of uh sucsuccess.
and uh maybe sometime we can have some lunch.
i dont know if this is a direct line to you.
but yeah once again this is uh uhmRandy Mardoff.
never spoken before.
you can call me back at any time mkay.
alright bye.

oh shit fuck I didnt leave my number I GOTTA FUCKING CALL BACK AND DEAL WITH THIS SHIT.

bOBBY.
fame be like like when you rich and famous and shit.
they think you sposed to act a certain way.
im a little lit on the tour bus so Ima act a certain way.
mike Holland we recordin.
whoa that my man Ayy.

who got the juice like me.
im finna give her the D.
who sell out arenas Who spit it the meanest.
my shit the cleanest Im a fuckin genius.
who got the juice like me.
im finna give her the D.
who sell out arenas Who spit it the meanest.
my shit the cleanest Im a fuckin genius.

i guess when you make it this big.
start takin shots yeah they pour the drink.
in person they blow smoke like a cig.
shorty gon pass me the head til I nut.
i am so rich that I dont give a fuck.
me and my homies we smoke in the cut.
momberg like what.
i just performed for like fifteen thousand.
i leave these women arousin.
all the pussy in the club make a tidal wave.
come on now Bobby boy behave.
black and white you aint half of the nigga I am.
you just mad you aint as big as I am.
real MC your shit SamIAm.
been a while can I get a God damn.
i am the best in my field like a slave.
who said fuck emancipation burned the plantation.
facing death and then put the master in his grave.
why Cause black is beautiful.
snappin so hard I might snap a cuticle.
fifty million in the bank know my circle like a tank.
think you can get in you cant.
kiss a bitch hand and she faint.
kiss a bitch hand and she faint.
who got the juice like me.
im finna give her the D.
who sell out arenas Who spit it the meanest.
my shit the cleanest Im a fuckin genius.
who got the juice like me.
im finna give her the D.
who sell out arenas Who spit it the meanest.
my shit the cleanest Im a fuckin genius.

man you know he dont fuck with nobody.
you know why.
cause all yall niggas is talkin a bunch of bullshit.
and you know you cant back up what ya say.
because your mouth say one thing.
and your actions show another.
then you cant back it up.
so what the fuck you gon do.
this is Logics dad this is Bobby Smokey Hall.

pardon My Ego.
five hundred thousand for a oneoff.
five hundred thousand for a oneoff.

skinny Nikki geeky gettin brain dead uh.
i dont give a fuck what the lames say uh.
old girl wanna give the boy head.
how bout a little bitty selflove instead.
i cant fuck a ho Id rather selflove instead.
count this fucking money boy now get the bread uh.
i aint just tryna get a nut off.
bobby Boy be quick to leave a bad bitch cut off.
like when you in the studio and the vocal get cut.

five hundred thousand for a oneoff.
five hundred thousand for a oneoff.
count this fucking money boy now get the bread.

im feelin like Kid Cudi.
a little crazy but tell me what genius aint a little nutty.
everybody be like that sometimes.
you can hear it in me in some rhymes.
i aint bipolar Kanye make me wish I was.
cause that level of genius the meanest.
nobody fuckin around with that flow.
when I spit it you know its the cleanest uh.
all my haters can suck my penis.
went from five hundred a show to sellin out arenas.
from SOBs in NYC.
to smokin trees at the motherfuckin Garden.
pardon my ego uh.
maybe its the weed smoke.
maybe its the beat though.
if I draw it in the sand.
better not cross the line like a free throw uh.

five hundred thousand for a oneoff.
five hundred thousand for a oneoff.
count this fucking money boy now get the.

yeah.

will I make it I dont know.
from the bottom of my heart I swear to God I gotta blow.
this for every time the world told me no.
if I dont make it in this game I aint got nowhere else to go.
from the drama to the hoes from the records to the shows.
i gotta make it and if they dont give me what I deserve.
then Ima take it Ive been underrated underestimated and hated.
but I cant wait to look back and say that I made it.
cause nowadays everyones a rapper and I hate it.

yall dont knoohohohknoohohoh.
said yall dont knoohohohknoohohoh.

i had to face my demons and embrace all of my fears.
while you was out partying chilling and sipping on some beers.
i was sacrificing adolescent years.
blood sweat and tears to find out what music really is.
and now Im feeling Im feeling like the moment has arrived.
where Bobby is no longer living and Logic has revived.
from his ashes music money liquor Im fucking passed this.
lyricism thats driven from a master you bastards.
just another day living in the hood.
just another day around the way.

all I ever wanted was some financial security.
and now I fuck with bitches just to mask my insecurities.
cause pussy aint nuttin but my heart is sure full of something.
now Im colder than ever pushing through any weather.
high score flow aint none of yall close to my level.
mental state of a winner in the shoes of a beginner.
visualizing my horizon through the eyes of a sinner.
noticing how the line between me and fame is getting thinner.

yall dont knoohohohknoohohoh.
said yall dont knoohohohknoohohoh.

just another day living in the hood.
just another day around the way.
just another day living in the hood.
just another day around the way.
you know my steelo busting shots like free throws.
the young bandido cutting records like they was kilos ha.
is it a blessing that Im messing with girls.
that wanna undress in the back of my car or is it just cause Im a star.
or is it just cause Im a star.
fivefootseven look like she fell from heaven.
with an ass hotter than the devil please call a reverend.
she was black and asian part Hispanic and part amazing.
women they feen us merely because we are the keenest.
my heart only has one love like Serena and Venus.
see baby girl I know you got some problems.
just know Im here to solve em revolve em cock em back and dissolve em.
i swear I take care of all em but you gotta trust it.
love it open your heart before you lust it now bust it what.

just another day living in the hood.
just another day living in the hood.
just aJust anotherJust anotherJust another day.
just another day living in the hood.
just another day around the way.
just another day living in the hood.
just another day around the way.

